Iraq Warns of Unconventional Counter Attack Tonight; Saddam Sends 
Attacking on the ground and calling in air strikes, Kurdish fighters and U.S . troops have dislodged stubborn Iraqi soldiers at a key bridge in northern Iraq . Iraqis pulled back on the road to Mosul as CNN 's Jane Arraf reports from the battlefield.
A few miles further to Mosul , Kurdish militia and their flags speeding to a town abandoned by Iraqi forces . After a day of fighting, the Iraqis were driven back five kilometers, about three miles down the main road west towards Mosul from the Kurdish city of Erbil . Soldiers were Kurdish , but the special forces calling in air strikes on Iraqi positions were American . As U.S . warplanes dropped bombs near the town , Kurdish fighters moved forward. (on camera): There's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge . It 's a bridge over the river on the main road to Mosul . The Iraqis are firing artillery like that in response to the Americans are calling in air strikes. The Peshmerga are just down the road , and the Iraqis have retreated, but they 're still holding on to the bridge . (voice-over): That blast turned out to be a rocket -propelled grenade , but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come.
Less than 20 minutes later, with Iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the Khoser River . In this vehicle , the only Iraqi casualties we saw. Their military radio and guns indicating they were combatants . (on camera): It 's still smoldering, this truck with three Iraqi soldiers . It was either shelled or bombed. Now, it 's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us . These were lying on the ground next to the truck . Somebody picked them up. It's an I.D. card, presumably for one of the soldiers . The only thing you can really tell from it is that he was 27 years old. And a snapshot from when his life was still ahead of him . Other evidence of a hurried retreat amid the smoldering vehicles , a discarded gas mask. Military documents. Notebooks with verses from the Koran. Kurdish fighters planted their flag and left it waving in the smoke of the bombed-out Iraqi truck . The village of Manguba (ph), just 32 kilometers, about 23 miles from Mosul is now in Kurdish hands. One Kurdish soldier did the honors of tearing up a poster of Saddam Hussein . Not just the poster, but the frame and cardboard backing as well. They 've been waiting a long time. Jane Arraf , CNN , on the bridge over the Khoser River in northern Iraq .
Thanks very much. Judy , dangerous assignment for all of our reporters , our embedded journalists . And one of them , not from our CNN , but from a very close friend of all of ours , Michael Kelly , paid that price. The first American embedded journalist to have gotten killed in covering this war. We 'll have more on him at 5:00 on our special edition of "WOLF BLITZER REPORTS." Until then, thanks, Judy , back to you .
Thanks, Wolf . And we 'll be watching. Michael Kelly , of course, with " Atlantic Monthly ," and a columnist for the " Washington Post ." Well, at least three U.S . service members were killed today in an apparent suicide bomb attack at a checkpoint near the Haditah Dam northwest of Baghdad . Those deaths are not yet included in the official casualty count. At last report, though, 41 Americans had been killed by hostile forces , 13 others by friendly fire or in accidents. Of the 27 British troops , in all who have been killed, at least 19 of them were said to be victims of friendly fire or accidents. The official Iraqi casualty figures remain the same this day, including more than 400 civilians killed, Iraqi authorities say. And U.S . Central Command says more than 4,000 Iraqis have been captured, but British officials believe that figure is much higher. We know that seven Americans are known to be held as prisoner of war in Iraq . Another 15 Americans listed as missing in action. Well, funeral services were held today in Colorado for 21-year- old Marine Corporal Randall Kent Rosacker . He was killed in action in Iraq . His story is especially poignant. His father is a navy commander . He received word of his son 's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment. The Iraqis promise an unconventional attack on U.S . troops tonight. Do they mean guerilla warfare, as in Vietnam ? We 're going to ask our military analyst . That's coming up.
walt rodgers , 3-7th cavalry says iraqi missile hit operation center for 2nd brigade 3rd infantry zrigs south baghdad , at least four dead, two soldiers and two journalists . other report at least 15 are wounded. some of them critically, hope to get walt up in a couple minutes to get more information on what is happening there .
Energy regulator named new head of Britain's FSA finance watchdog
British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown on Tuesday named the current head of the country 's energy regulator as the new chairman of finance watchdog the Financial Services Authority (FSA).
Former senior banker Callum McCarthy begins what is one of the most important jobs in London 's financial world in September, when incumbent Howard Davies steps down.
Davies is leaving to become chairman of the London School of Economics , one of the best-known parts of the University of London .
Brown said McCarthy would bring to the FSA "an unrivalled combination of experience of the public sector, experience as a senior practitioner in the financial services industry , and chairman of a highly successful regulator ."
McCarthy currently heads the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets , or Ofgem , which regulates Britain 's privatised energy industry .
As well as previously holding senior positions at Barclays Bank , BZW and Kleinwort Benson , McCarthy was formerly a top civil servant at the Department of Trade and Industry .
Under Davies 's watch, the FSA became Britain 's sole regulatory body for financial services in November 2001, taking on the various functions of nine separate agencies .
the palestinian crossroads that could lead to the relation in a new direction. yasser arafat backed abu mazen as prime minister . a first step he says toward peace with israel . now palestinian leaders must vote on whether to september 24- member cabinet that mazen is presenting. kelly wallace is standing by. what's the latest?
American Future has a link up to a article written in yesterdays Houston Chronicle . It describes how the European Governments look to be changing their tune in regards to President Bush . Why you ask? But there is arguably more to this sea change than just a grumpy acceptance of the status quo. From a European perspective, three things are making it easier to warm to the Bush White House .
One is the death of Yasser Arafat . No issue divides Europe and the United States more keenly than the Israeli - Palestinian dispute. For the last few years, Europeans have criticized Bush for failing to put enough pressure on Israel to get out of the occupied territories and for refusing to deal with Arafat . That another reason why I respect Bush so much, his refusal to acknowledge that windbag terrorist Arafat . May he rot in hell . But since Arafat 's death, Europeans and Americans have been able to find common ground: supporting Ariel Sharon 's withdrawal from Gaza , putting pressure on Israel to let the Palestinians hold elections and, covertly, backing Mahmoud Abbas to become the next Palestinian leader .
A second reason is Europe 's growing worries about Islamic terrorism. The murder in November of Theo van Gogh , a provocative Dutch filmmaker , at the hands of an Islamic militant has been called Europe 's 9/11. Though the two events are obviously not fully comparable, it is certainly true that American conservatives , such as Francis Fukuyama and Bernard Lewis , have found a wider audience recently for the idea that radical Islam is inimical to European traditions of tolerance. You mean those radical muslims can be kinda nasty sometimes? Get outta here....Keep doing business like the cowards in Spain and they will more then likely have their very own 9/11 to cry about. The third force is the reappearance, albeit in a milder form, of the threat that kept the trans- Atlantic alliance together for half a century. The Russian bear is growling again. The Ukrainian election --- complete with its KGB -style poisoning of the opposition leader and heavy-handed electoral fraud -- has reminded European diplomats of Vladimir V. Putin 's determination to control his "near abroad ." They should be very worried about this item, I believe Putin is slowly sliding Russia back to what it once was. Hopefully our Government isn't asleep at the wheel with this situation either. There is a personal edge to all this. Just as the snooty continentals eventually came to admire the gormless Hollywood actor , there is a grudging willingness to rethink some prejudices about the inarticulate Texan .
Many European leaders once swallowed the Michael Moore version of history: that Bush was an ignorant interloper who stole the White House . His thumping re-election, however, shows that he represents a large body of conservative American opinion.
In short, Europeans are getting used to the idea that it is not Bush who is the exception , but the U.S . itself that is exceptional --- and that if they want to deal with this exceptional superpower they need to humor it rather than rile it . Strangely enough, this has been Tony Blair 's strategy all along; it is rapidly becoming the Continent 's strategy, too. Couldn't of ended that article any better myself . Get used to it France , we ain't going nowhere .
meanwhile, the man in charge of putting iraq 's government back together spent today in a stronghold of one of the country most important ethnic minorities the kurds . for the second day in a row, lieutenant general jay garner was mobbed by friendly crowds after touring a kurdish school in the northern iraqi city of irbil , the cursd should show as a model for the rest of the country . u.s . officials keep finding cash hidden by saddam 's regime . $112 million turned up today in some dog kennels . so far u.s . soldiers have discovered nearly $600 million hidden around baghdad . four u.s . soldiers are under investigation for allegedly keeping some of that. the four were turned in after other soldiers discovered several hundreds missing from near neatly-packed cases. sars is spreading, major league baseball plans to warn its players heading to canada , particularly to toronto for the all- star break in july to take some precaugs. that means instead of meeting the fans and signing autographs, they 'll be keeping their distance and waving.
we are now hitting 33 after the hour this morning. embattled imclone founder sam waksal sentenced to more than seven years in prison for insider trading. the scandal drew national headlines when it ensnared domestic diva martha stewart . waksal admitted advising his daughter to dump her stock, stewart is being accused of unloading her stock after also learning some inside information. waksal is the first chief executive to be sentenced in a wave of corporate scandals and that started with the big enron bankruptcy into 2001. top executives at the company accused of cooking the books to hide billions of dollars in debt. former enron vice president sherron watkins who wrote that now-famous memo questioning the accounting practice and joining us now from houston , we want to talk to her about the fate of her form are company as justice department continues to build its case against key enroan executives and insight on maybe some other headlines we are seeing this morning.
that standing ovation that sammy sosa got at wrigley field last night. a major league baseball official is skilledded to conduct interviews in chicago . those interviews could be a factor as the league decides how sammy sosa will be punished for using a court-filled bat. our gary tuchman is live. good morning.
reporter: the cub 's player this afternoon, once again, sammy sosa will be in the lineup but he could find out as early as today what his punishment will be and how many games he 'll be suspend for. last night when he went to play for the first time, most of the fans on wrigley field gave him a standing ovation. in all fairness, not all of them totally believed sammy sosa but he 's a hero here and they want to believe sammy sosa . he hit the ground ball on the first inning, that scored a run, but the run was taken away. sosa was quicked out of the game after he was found out he had a cork during the bat. he meant not to use it during the game, but he did use it during the game. major league baseball took 76 of his bats and x-rayed them for cork.
those x race were negative. that was conducted by a trained radiological technician . we believe the x-ray process was sufficient to determine the state of those bats and we 're very confident that all of those bats were clean and had no foreign substances within them.
it was a mistake. we 're all human and we all made a mistake. nobody 's perfect in this world upon.
reporter: last night with the bat, we assumed was not cork, sammy sosa struck out the first three times up. he did hit a single in the ninety inning in a losing effort for the chicago cubs . back to you .
there's a concern with the huge series there this weekend with the yankees coming to town that sammy would be suspended during that.
the yankees vpts been to wrigley field since the 1930s since they played the cubs in the 1930s. sosa could get a suspension, but he could appeal suspension. so if he wanted to play against the yankees , he probably will be able to.
gary tuchman in chicago . thanks so much. let' s bring jack back in with the question of the day and bill 's also joining us from d.c ..
keeping an eye on us . martha stewart unfairly singled out for prosecution or is she getting what she deserved? jim in new york , i 've des piesed martha stewart for years before the imclone scandal, but all this prosecution does is how bias prosecutors are when they deal with moguls who strip the hopes of investors . ceos , sleaze walk free, market should be free to stroll right along with them into the ceo hall of shame. joe in michigan , prosecute, when your skit in life is professing trust and integrity and you violate that responsilibity to your believing public , then you should be done.
jude nith florida , says eye never liked martha , but now she 's a part of good
Again I apologize for the lack of updates over the past few days and will use this space to recap a weekend that was both good and bad.
On Friday a small group of friends and I attended a most-righteous Sister Hazel concert at Floyd's Music Store for the third straight, and for the third straight year I was blown away by one of my favorite live bands . Sister Hazel has a way of becoming intimate with the fans by brining them into the show. It's something you can always expect from these guys , unlike so many other performers , and is why I never miss a show when they 're in town .
On Saturday we hosted what was for the most part a largely successful Halloween party -- save for the fake blood stains on the carpet and bathroom walls, a couple beer spills, unnecessary fights and the expected trashing of the kitchen and living room areas . Naturally, I dressed up as Hugh Hefner and took the role of making sure everyone was having a good time. I have yet to hear any complaints from any of the guests .
On Saturday the Seminoles were bested by unranked Maryland ; effectively ending our chances at a national title this year. In addition, the quarterback controversy has once again debouched as Chris Rix almost took us to victory with his deep threat. Alas, too little too late was the case thanks to the inept Wyatt Sexton who has been our starter since replacing Rix earlier in the season. Fortunately the agony of defeat was blanketed somewhat by our Halloween party and I won't have to worry about Seminole Football until next Saturday.
On Sunday we saw "Saw" (review coming) and as expected I was less than satisfied. It was neither better nor worse than last week's "The Grudge" but the trailers beforehand dictate that the end of this year and the beginning of 2005 will bring us a large quantity of horror movies. If I enjoy one out of five considering the genre I can say it's worth it.
would it make a noise and if it did, would anyone south of Boston give a shit?
Wednesday, Commissioner Gary Bettman announced the cancellation of the 2004-2005 NHL season. As if everyone didn't already know that was the case.
Shame on the NHL and shame on the players' association for not getting a deal done, but I put much more of the blame on the owners as this "negotiation" came down to the wire.
I understand that the league was losing less money by not playing than it would have by having a season this year. I also understand that when push came to shove, the players gave in and accepted a salary cap. Okay, the sides were about 7 million per team apart, but couldn't they just say "alright, let' s split that in half and play hockey?"
I mean Holy Christ people , two kids arguing over 10 bucks would work it out that way. Why is this any different? The NHL 's primary goal was to get a salary cap approved by the players , and they finally did. And what did the NHL do when that momentus event occurred?
Gary Bettman is a mindless troll and the professional sports commissioner equivalent of Joe Hazelwood and this lockout / strike / cluster fuck is the reef .
The first thing that needs to happen is that Bettman and Goodenow (the players' association rep ) need to be fired, deported, flogged, tarred and feathered and finally forced to pay for four tickets plus a program, four dogs, four beers, and two cokes and parking to a game at an NHL arena for every day of the next season so they understand what the fans go thru to see a hockey game.
Then, all current contracts need to be voided by the end of the season in 2006. That means no team would own any player , and the owners would be free to sign whomever they 'd like using the "fiscal restraint" they all droned on and on about all year. That way, they 'd only pay as much as they could afford...right?
Those douchebags would end up overspending like every professional sports owner because they can't control themselves . If Mr . Iginla or Heatley were free agents , for example, owners would bid each other out of their minds, then they 'd be left with not enough to get a competetive team .
While the business model in the NHL was certainly flawed and the owners needed help, they really needed help to protect them from themselves . And the fact is that without that help, the owners would follow the same path that got them where they are right now anyway.
The biggest issue is this, however. Very few people give one hot shit whether the NHL plays another game ever, let alone this season or the next one. For every crying Canuck there are 1,000 or more others who say "No hockey? Huh...didn't even notice."
And the last television network interested in carrying hockey ( ESPN ) may opt out of televising the NHL next season, meaning that all of the teams would be in HUGE trouble, because no TV = no league . Period. Atlanta lost the Flames 25 years ago because, despite full houses every night, it's TV revenue that pays the freight and the Flames had no tv contract. Imagine an entire league with no TV contract. Hell, Major League Soccer and the WNBA DO have a tv contract and no one gives a shit about them .
I 'll say this for the NHL , when they screw up, they screw up huge.
Congrats guys . You will forever be known as the generation that killed professional hockey in North America . That'll look GREAT on your resumes.
Today's performance said a lot about how the market viewed certain subjects; tomorrow's will tell us even more. Today, Ask Jeeves made their official announcement about acquiring Bloglines . And tonight, Cisco reported solid earnings and weak sales . The market's modestly pessimistic reaction to the Bloglines news tells us that blogging isn't seen as a major profit source yet; tomorrow's trading will tell us whether the market is ready to accept that more established technology businesses are back on track as well. After hours, Cisco 's been slammed, but once they 're exposed to the rest of the trading population , the results might differ.
I don't think bloglines will ever be a major source of profits or revenues. Blogging itself could become a pretty big consumer past time like watching TV, reading a book, or playing video games but I am not sure how bloglines really benefits. I would guess it most benefits the search engines , hit counters , and software builders .
With the explosion in available market commentary that happened through the internet it is not clear to me that by lowering the costs of access blogging really adds that much as much as it did to political commentary. Maybe Seeking Alpha can become the new TSCM but I don't think that will change the landscape as much as Howard Dean 's campaign did.
Interview With Ralph Nader, Donald Palmisano; Interview With 
Welcome back to CROSSFIRE. President Bush today renewed his call for a $250,000 cap on pain and suffering damages from the victims of medical malpractice. Ironically down in North Carolina today was also the day funeral services were held for 17-year-old Jesica Santillan , the brave young woman who got the wrong heart and lungs in a botched transplant operation last month. Is her family 's pain and suffering only worth $250,000? Here to debate medical malpractice reform are consumer advocate Ralph Nader and Dr . Donald Palmisano , the president -elect of the American Medical Association .
Ralph Nader , there are states in crisis that keep adding to the list by the AMA where doctors are going out of business because they can't afford the medical malpractice rates. We 'll just run a scroll of some of the states. They 're big states . Florida , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Illinois , Texas . This is a real crisis that lawyers have perpetrated on America , isn't it?
Another one of your leading questions. This is a medical malpractice crisis. Over 80,000 Americans , 220 every day die from medical negligence, hundred of thousands are injured. And the insurance companies which had relatively steady rates on doctors for about 10 years have found its investment income, its interest income, the stock market collapse down. And so they 're jacking up the rates on a few key specialties like obstetricians and neurosurgeons . But if you take the entire amount of premiums, Bob , that's paid by doctors in this country to malpractice insurers and divide it evenly, they 'd be paying less than $9,000 each. That's one-third of what they pay a receptionist .
That runs against the fact that so many of them are just leaving their practice because they can't afford it. You know, Ralph , you and I often agree on some things and one thing I think we agree on is the dirty effect of money and politics. Can you say that the lawyers , the trial lawyers who appoint millions and millions of dollars into Democratic coffers in order to keep this, do you believe that this is healthy...
Well, as much as they 've poured into those coffers, it's much less than what the doctors , the malpractice insurers , the hospital chains and the HMOs and the nursing home chains have poured into members of Congress ' coffers. This is first and foremost, Bob , a question of equity. Are we going to allow severely injured people who have found a lung taken out that's the wrong lung or a double mastectomy that wasn't indicated that was inflicted on a woman in the Midwest , or that organ transplant that was incompatible on that 17-year-old teenager in North Carolina . Are we going to say to these and so many others , you can't have your full day in court ? The Congress is going to handcuff the judges and juries in the United States at the state court level? I haven't yet met one senator or representative who 's for this bill who has demonstrated that the jurors in their home state and the judges in their home state are incompetent, unwilling or unable to perform justice in these medical malpractice cases. And I 've never heard one person say that the insurance executives who make $250,000 a week, every week without any pain and suffering, no one is saying cap those.
There was a hear on Capitol Hill today. And, I want to ask you to respond to one of the witnesses , John McCormick testified today. He 's the father of a little girl , 13-month-old girl , who he said today died because of medical malpractice. He said that the hospital ignored abnormal CO2 levels in her blood. Said that the attending physician had slept through several pages. She died awaiting surgery. Listen to what Mr . McCormick said and I 'll ask you to respond.
Mr . President , from father to father , my family 's pain and suffering are not frivolous.
Isn't he right? Isn't our president wrong to be -- did he win the Lottery? You know, Mr . Bush -- President Bush says these guys have won the litigation Lottery. Does that look like a Lottery winner to you , holding a picture of his dead baby ?
Well, the current medical liability system is affecting patients in that they can't get access to care. The American Medical Association works very hard to make safety a priority in the medical care system. That's why we founded the National Patient Safety Foundation . The current system doesn't measure negligence. It measures disability. And what we 're finding now is that the emergency rooms are closing, trauma centers are closing, pregnant women can't find a doctor to deliver the baby , a boy knocked unconscious has to be transported to another state . Another witness today told of what happened to her husband because there were no longer neurosurgeons available in the community . The patient had to be airavacked and by that time it was too late to prevent the brain damage.
But I wonder if you can respond to Mr . McCormick 's point. Who are you , who 's our president to tell him that his suffering is only worth $250,000 for the loss of a child ?
Well, what has to be done here is balance. What we need is a system that's fair to everyone , a system that keeps the physicians in practice and allows patients to have access to physicians in their hour of need. And the system in California that's in the bill, in Congress now, HR-5, that's a system that has worked. It brought stability to California and obstetricians in California will pay 55, 57, $60,000 in Los Angeles and in South Florida in Miami , they 'll pay $210,000...(CROSSTALK)
Because in California they have regulated the insurance company premium levels. And in Florida , they 've been very weak on it. And in some states , for example, there are doctors that are -- you know, there are 45 payouts in ten years and they 're not disciplined by the state medical board . I mean, you 've got 5 percent of the doctors accounting for over 55 percent of the payoffs, Paul . In other words a small percentage of doctors that are bad, incompetent, indifferent, whatever. They 're not performing properly and the AMA is not cracking down, is not supporting expansion to state licensing...
I want to respond to that. The National Practitioner Data Bank is the source of the information and it was brought up today. First of all, the Government Accounting Office criticized the methodology used. It lists multiple claims against one physician when actually it's really one claim, different insurers pay on the same physician and it's counted as one claim. It doesn't mention whether they are obstetricians , neurosurgeons or emergency medicine . It doesn't list that. Right now in South Florida , in South Florida , the latest poll shows that every neurosurgeon has been sued. The average number of suits against a neurosurgeon is five in South Florida . Now are these bad doctors ? We 'll have no doctors , we 'll have no neurosurgeons , no obstetricians ...
right now, cast our eyes to the middle east , getting word that a massive assembly of shiite muslims is now come together in beirut , lebanon . this is a rather remarkable arrangement because they are cheering there the arrival of khatami , the president of iran . now, he is making a trip and you see him there with his hands raised, there with the cloak on, shaking his fists, hands classped there, in a salute to the crowd . president khatami is in beirut and what is observed here is very closely watched, what kind of words he 'll utter when he speaks to this crowd . iran now being pressured by the u.s . to back off on supporting hezbollah . hezbollah is an organization based in lebanon that has beenify dn dn been tied to terrorist activity and peter bergen mentioned saudi hezbollah an organization working in that country . the key is going to fwo see whether or not khatami actually does signal that he is going to be heeding the word of president bush and backing off in some way in supporting hezbollah . that will be a very important development as we continue to watch the mideast peace process between palestinians and israelis develop. we are seeing that secretary of state colin powell also traveling through the region , trying to get regional leaders there to put more pressure on the palestinians to stop any terrorist activities that may be happening on their behalf as well in that region . we 'll watch and listening very closely to president khatami 's visit there in beirut , lebanon . moving on, president bush on road today, where is campaigning again for a tax cut package. likely to comment on the developing story in saudi arabia . chris burns traveling with the president , he joins us from indianapolis . hi, chris .
Read this report on the U.S .- Russia Technology Symposium . It's a great summary of the paradoxes of the Russian economy: They have a huge untapped supply of valuable IT labor, but their IT exports are only a tenth of their military exports (and only a thirtieth of India 's IT exports). They develop lots of new technology, but nobody can tell who owns what. And, of course, their securities laws and property rights are even flimsier than China 's -- after the Putin administration mugged Yukos on the grounds that it was too attractive a target to leave alone, they lost a lot of trust. Still, they have an unbelieveable amount of untapped potential.
Report: Hong Kong Jockey Club in talks to acquire its Macau rival
The Hong Kong Jockey Club is in talks about buying out the horse racing club in neighboring Macau , a newspaper reported Tuesday.
The South China Morning Post quoted Hong Kong Jockey Club Chief Executive Lawrence Wong as saying the discussions were underway, but no price was reported.
The Hong Kong club is a charitable entity , while the Macau Jockey Club is a for-profit concern controlled by gambling tycoon Stanley Ho .
Hong Kong angered Macau 's gaming industry last year when it banned gamblers in Hong Kong from placing horse bets with anyone but the Hong Kong Jockey Club . Macau had been taking off-track bets from people in Hong Kong , but the offices handling those wagers were closed.
The Macau club later threatened to start taking wagers on Hong Kong races in Macau , at a better price for gamblers because less tax would be levied, but the plan never materialized.
Neither club immediately returned phone calls from The Associated Press to inquire about the buyout talks.
Macau is a gambling enclave 60 kilometers (40 miles) west of Hong Kong that was governed by the Portuguese for more than four centuries before it returned to Chinese sovereignty in 1999. Hong Kong , a former British colony , returned to Chinese rule in 1997.
The Senate Finance Committee today gutted the House of Delegates proposed billion dollar transportation package in a move one observer described as a 'bitch slapping.'
The House appropriated more money for transportation than the Senate . How does a body that wants to raise taxes to pump more money into transportation next year get to "bitch slap" more money now?
What is becoming abundantly clear is that it's either Chichester 's way or the highway (pun intended)
Tis a sad day for Dave Albo 's law firm , which was counting on him to push the abuser fees bill and bring them more clients . Can we have a moment of silence?
If bitch slaps are administered to keep the ' ho servicing the clients , who 's the client here? Since the gubernatorial race in the fall undoubtedly dominates all decisions from this point on, could it be a client who must be serviced to serve November purposes? Could it be those who will forego a little now, and are willing to give a lot before Nobvember, in order to get a whole lot more in 2006?
back to something kelly wallace said. she was talking about the somewhat blase attitude of israelis . we were lacking at the front page of the jerusalem post the other day. the big banner headline that day big and bold, was president bush issues ultimatum. on the side column, as an afterthought, sit tense told to carry gas masks wherever they go. it gives you a sense of, perhaps what 50 years of tension and war will do to your mentality. but it does also say that the israelis are a bit more blase, if that's a fair word for it, than perhaps we are. president bush , when he talked earlier to reporters , mentioned that this effort is an effort, this war is an effort to make the homeland , our homeland , more secure. john king , that whole issue of homeland security must be so much on the minds of so many government officials , given the level of the terror alert today.
reporter : so far, so good is the assessment we 're getting from senior administration officials as they try to track what they worry about most. as we have the strikes overseas throughout iraq , there will be retaliatory terror strikes, either by organized terrorist networks or sympathetic terrorists or people against the united states in this country . so far, so good. no plans, we 're told, to raise the threat level, though it's already at orange, which is high. so microsoft of the president 's business has been behind the scenes today. he 's the most senior of about a handful of senior administration officials , including the vice president and the secretary of state . the national security advisor fanning out, we 're told in phone calls to more than three dozen world leaders offering them an update on what is going on. but we did here hear from the president a bit earlier today. we see baghdad , a capitol under siege. mr . bush in the cabinet room at the white house to portray a different image, trying to show in washington , it's business as usual, urgent business as, but still business as usual with secretary of defense rumsfeld on one side, secretary of state powell on the other. the president offered a brief statement in the cabinet room .
call my cabinet together to review our strategies, to make the world more peaceful, to make our country more secure. to make the lives of our citizens as healthy and as prosperous as possible. we heard from secretary rumsfeld who briefed us on the early stages of the war. there is no question we 've set the finest of our citizens into harm's way. they performed with great skill and great bravery. we thank them . we thank their loved ones . we appreciate their sacrifice. we heard from secretary powell who briefed us on the ever-growing coalition of the willing , nations who support our deep desire for peace and freedom. over 40 nations now support our efforts. we 're grateful for their determination. we appreciate their vision, and we welcome their support. as well, we discussed the need to make sure we have plans in place to encourage economic vitality and growth. we will continue to push for a medicare system compassionate for your seniors . we care deeply about the fact that some children in our society can't read. we want the best of education for every citizen in america . this cabinet is confident about the future of our country . we 're confident we can achieve our objectives. i 'm grateful for their service to their country . thank you all.
reporter: so even at the very early stages of a defining moment of bush presidency, the president trying to make the case his eyes and especially the eyes of his cabinet still on the domestic affairs of the united states as the early prosecution of the war continues. one thing the president said that will be the point of contention around the world , the president called it an ever-growing coalition of 40 countries . that is handful more nations that were actively involved in the coalition his father assembled 12 years ago for the persian gulf war, but there is a significant difference, of course. in this coalition , it ips the united states doing the overwhelming load of the fighting. british forces on the ground, australian troops scheduled to take part, perhaps in some way. in the last gulf war, you had arab forces on the ground. the egyptians , syrians , saudis , qataris taking up arms to expel the iraqi armiy kuwait . no such participation this time around. abc the president says, this is a growing coalition , this is one of the big geo political debates going on around the world as the president
It's now just one day until I hop in the car and head back in time to the loveliest village on the Plains ... Auburn , Alabama .
I haven't been back since 1994 and when I was talking to my wife about the trip this morning, it seems like a lifetime ago. Hell, it's been half my life since I was in school there and over two thirds of my adult life, assuming that people that know me think my adult life has actually started yet.
Anyway, enough nostalgia from me , at least for now.
The wife and I were watching SportsCenter this morning, and Lee Corso , Mark May and Trev Alberts were ALL picking Auburn to beat Georgia , and the last two were picking them to run the table for the right to play USC for the national championship.
Then, I open the Atlanta paper this morning, and EVERYTHING is pro- UGA . I mean, I knew it would be, but some of it was even based on facts.
Like this beauty: When Auburn and their opponent are both in the top ten, Auburn is 4-6-1 in those games. Auburn has lost the last three games that fit that scenario.
Auburn 's last defeat came at the hands of... UGA .
Auburn does lead the overall record in the series 51-46-8. However, the road team 's record in this series. AT Auburn , UGA is 11-8-2. At Athens , Auburn is 17-8. This trend was serious in the 80's, with the road team winning about two-thirds of the time. The only time this changed recently really was when UGA decided to win in their place in 2003. Thanks Dawgs .
On the upside, Auburn has scored at least 33 points in the last six games. That's a pretty nice run.
Auburn leads the SEC in scoring offense, scoring defense and rushing defense.
Auburn is second in the nation in scoring defense and seventh in pass defense.
Jason Campbell is 3rd in the nation in passing efficiency while David Greene is 10th.
Auburn 's Quentin Groves and Georgia 's David Pollack are tied for the SEC sack lead.
Here's the biggest for what it's worth stat as far as I am concerned: both teams are undefeated this year when scoring first. Auburn is 8-0 and UGA is 5-0. I 'd say that's the biggest stat right now.
Auburn 's offense is potent and efficient. UGA 's defense is relentless and contains a couple of the country 's biggest hitters , especially Greg Blue and Odell Thurman .
Auburn 's defense is fast and relentless and the DB 's are experienced and big. UGA 's receivers are leaders , with one of them a team captain .
Auburn 's two running backs are seniors and very experienced and dangerous, bruising backs . UGA 's two backs are smaller freshmen with less experience, but are dangerous as well.
In my mind, the game is going to turn on a few key points, some obvious and some not. Here goes the prediction machine:
- Special teams play and lack of special teams mistakes will tell the tale regarding field position.
- Both teams MUST establish the run to be successful. If Auburn goes for 150 between their two backs , they 're almost impossible to beat. Conversely, Georgia MUST be able to run the ball to set up play action and keep the pressure off of David Greene .
- Mark Richt has proven to be a better on the fly adjustment coach that Tommy Tuberville . Tubs is famous for taking chances, often unnecessary ones. That history is of concern to me . While it's okay to try crazy shit when your team is under-rated or a serious underdog , it's important not to give games away when you 're the favorite . Playing more "by the book" and a bit "closer to the vest" becomes the call for the day.
Considering all of these factors, I truly believe that this is Auburn 's year. They may not go undefeated and they may not get into the BCS title game, but they have enough talent, poise and experience to win this game.
And now that I have typed that prediction, I may just throw up in my mouth.
David Greene is the winningest QB in NCAA division I history!! AND he 's 15-1 on the road!!
South Korea's ruling party faces call for dissolution
South Korea 's ruling party is facing an internal reformist call for dissolving itself to create a new group after a humiliating defeat at last week's by-elections, party officials said Tuesday.
The ruling Millennium Democratic Party ( MDP ), founded by former president Kim Dae-Jung , has suffered declining popularity since President Roh Moo-Hyun took office in February.
A group of 18 reformist MDP lawmakers , mostly Roh 's confidants , demanded late Wednesday that the party be "constructively dissolved" to create a new grouping , MDP officials said.
But the established MDP leadership has opposed the sudden overhaul, they added.
Reformist MDP members , however, vowed to launch a preparatory committee next month and to make "tangible progress" in the process of forging a new party .
The internal dispute erupted after the MDP lost three parliamentary seats in Thursday's by-elections.
The opposition Grand National Party ( GNP ) took two of the National Assembly seats while a splinter reformist party got the third.
With the latest wins, the GNP increased its majority in the 272-seat National Assembly to 153 seats against 101 for the MDP .
Suicide bombing at Israeli shopping mall; fifth attack in two days
A suicide bomber detonated explosives at the entrance to a crowded mall in northern Israel on Monday, killing at least four shoppers and wounding 20 in the fifth such attack in two days.
The spate of bombings underscored how difficult it will be to carry out the U.S .-backed ``road map'' plan, a three-stage prescription for ending violence immediately and setting up a Palestinian state by 2005.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Monday's attack at the Shaarei Amakim mall in the working class town of Afula , which has been targeted repeatedly by Palestinian militants because of its proximity to the West Bank .
The Islamic militant group Hamas carried out four bombings over the weekend.
The Afula explosion  _	the 95th in 32 months of fighting  _  went off at 5:14 p.m. (1414 gmt) at the entrance to the mall , reportedly as shoppers were waiting in line for a security check. Malls and other public places have significantly stepped up security since the outbreak of Israeli - Palestinian fighting in September 2000.
The explosion killed the attacker and four shoppers , police said. Twenty people were wounded, including several who were in serious condition.
Earlier Monday, a 19-year-old Palestinian riding a bicycle detonated a 30-kilo (66-pound) bomb near a military jeep in the Gaza Strip , injuring three soldiers .
In response the spate of bombings, Israel threatened to boycott foreign envoys who meet with Yasser Arafat . Israel holds the Palestinian leader responsible for the latest violence, even though the recent attacks were carried out by Islamic militants .
Hamas said Monday it has no intention of halting attacks, despite Egypt 's efforts to have Palestinian militant groups agree to a one-year suspension of shootings and bombings. In a renewed mediation attempt, Egyptian envoys have been holding meetings in Gaza and Damascus in recent days with leaders of the militant groups . The armed groups say they might agree to a truce if Israel promises to stop hunting militants 	_  a proposal Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has turned down.
A Hamas leader , Abdel Aziz Rantisi , said Monday that ``legitimate resistance will continue as long as occupation exists on our holy land .''
Asked whether Hamas was challenging Abbas , Rantisi said only that there was no point in trying to negotiate with Sharon , whom he called a `` terrorist .''
Israel said there will be no letup in its campaign against those involved in violence. Israel ``will continue to fight terror everywhere, at any time and in any way possible,'' a Cabinet statement said Sunday, after a Hamas suicide bomber killed seven Israelis on a Jerusalem bus earlier in the day.
The ministers also decided to cold-shoulder foreign envoys who meet with Arafat . `` Whoever wants to visit Arafat can visit Arafat but he won't be allowed to meet senior Israeli officials ,'' said a senior Sharon adviser , Raanan Gissin . Israel first threatened such a boycott several weeks ago, but enforced it only selectively.
The European Union on Monday dismissed the decision and a spokeswoman said EU leaders will continue to involve Arafat in the search for peace.
Arafat , who has been confined by Israel to the West Bank town of Ramallah for more than a year, accused Israel of inciting against him .
``Not to forget I condemned it completely, these terrorist activities,'' Arafat said Monday in halting English, speaking before the Afula bombing.
``At the same time, you should remember ( Israel 's) incitement policy against me . This is to increase the siege around me . Where did it happen that a president was forbidden from moving out of his office ?''
The new Palestinian prime minister , Mahmoud Abbas , has denounced violence against Israelis , but also told Sharon in a weekend meeting 
_  the first Israeli - Palestinian summit in three years	_ that he wants to persuade the militants to stop attacks, rather than disarm them by force.
The argument over how rein in the militants and halt violence has been holding up implementation of the road map. The plan calls for parallel steps in the first stage, including a Palestinian crackdown on militants , an Israeli troop pullback from Palestinian towns and a construction freeze in Jewish settlements .
Sharon insists the Palestinians make the first move. He was to have discussed his objections with U.S . President George W. Bush this week, but canceled his trip after Sunday's bus bombing. The Palestinians have accepted the plan as is.
The latest wave of attacks began Saturday evening when a Hamas bomber blew himself up in a square in the West Bank city of Hebron , killing an Israeli settler and his pregnant wife . On Sunday morning, another Hamas assailant blew up the Jerusalem bus and about half an hour later, a third bomber from the group detonated explosives on the outskirts of Jerusalem , killing only himself .
Israeli analyst Mark Heller said that `` Hamas is trying to ensure that the road map doesn't go anywhere and that Abu Mazen ( Abbas ) doesn't go anywhere either.''
The three bombers came from Hebron and at one point studied at the Polytechnic Institute in the city . Two bombers , Fuad Qawasmeh , 18, and Bassem Takrouri , 19, lived in the same Hebron neighborhood and were friends . The Israeli military on Monday demolished the Qawasmeh family home , part of a policy of trying to deter attacks by punishing assailants ' relatives .
The three bombers released farewell videos, apparently taken in the same wooded area . In frame grabs published in the Yediot Ahronot daily , the three struck identical poses, holding up assault rifles . Each wore a green headband with Quranic verses and an olive-colored vest with pockets for ammunition and grenades .
In another development, Israeli forensics experts identified a body that washed up on a Tel Aviv beach last week as that of a Briton , Omar Khan Sharif , 27, the suspected accomplice of a British suicide bomber who blew himself up outside a Tel Aviv pub April 30. Two musicians and a waitress were killed in the blast.
Sharif also carried explosives , but they didn't go off, and he fled. It was not known whether he was hurt at the time. The identification was made with the help of DNA samples supplied to Israel 's Forensics Institute by British detectives , said the head of the institute , Dr . Yehuda Hiss . He said Sharif drowned.   pvs-kl 
And, as we listened to John King 's report, we can tell you that President Bush has just -- his plane has just landed at Andrews Air Force Base , just close to the Washington area , the president having flown back to the United States from that meeting in Northern Ireland in Belfast with the British prime minister , Tony Blair . You just heard John reporting about it. They primarily talked about the war in Iraq , the aftermath of Iraq. But they also discussed the Middle East and, as well, getting the Northern Ireland peace process started up again. It has been said that Saddam Hussein ruled Iraq with an iron fist. I guess you can say in the past tense. His regime has left behind some disturbing evidence to support those claims. The abandoned secret police headquarters in Basra is just one example. ITN 's Bill Neely is with the Royal Marines and he takes us on a tour of Basra 's chamber of horrors.
Saddam Hussein 's Iraq is a state of terror, and this is where it's planned and perpetrated, the headquarters of his secret police , this one in Basra . No British soldier has been here yet. Today, as I walked in, I met Iraqis , none of whom had ever been inside willingly. What was to follow was a horrific education in terror and torture: in the smoking basement of the bombed building , a warren of cells . Here , prisoners were tortured.
People died, people in prison without court, without trial.
The building is crumbling. Down we went, further to cells that had no light, little air, cockroaches, filth, and, on the ground, a gas mask and bottles of chemicals.
You can imagine this every day, every month. So many people come here , but we don't know about them at all.
These ordinary Iraqis had been terrified to come here , until today, though one student on the left had been here before.
He was one of the prisoners here . (on camera): For how long?
And his crime for eight years in jail ? He prayed too much and was seen as a dangerous radical . (on camera): More cells . (voice-over): But the Mukhabarat headquarters had more horrors to reveal.
And they tied their hands behind and hung them and hung them for many days.
These men had relatives murdered here . So desperate are they to tell their story that they began reenacting what they and their brothers and friends have suffered. The hook in the ceiling is for one purpose only, another hook in a different cell and a different form of torture. Saddam Hussein controlled Iraq through fear, torture and execution. And it happened here to tens of thousands of Iraqis that Saddam 's secret police deemed dangerous. This man cowered for months, crammed with 300 mothers into a huge cell . Hamid Fatil (ph) may look like he 's acting, but he was tortured here , along with his two brothers , who were executed. This man was here , too, with his brother .
They sentenced him to death. And they sent him to Baghdad and killed. He was hanged there , hanged.
There's a prisoner under the name of Ahmed Adis Aeid (ph).
They kept records of prisoners , these and their fingerprints all that's left of them , apart from the photographs they took of exactly what they had done. (on camera): If there is an evil center to Saddam Hussein 's regime, then it is surely here and in other places of torture. And there's plenty here that we simply cannot show you . In this block , it was men over here, hundreds of them , and women and children here. (voice-over): To call all this a chamber of horrors is a cliche. And this place is beyond cliche. The hundreds or thousands who died here who were given no trial, no voice, cry out. On the ground, I found a book called "The Psychology of Interrogation," as if the men who worked here for Saddam needed a handbook. I was glad of the fresh air and glad to leave, glad I could. No one knows yet whether the new Iraq will be the kind of place where these children can grow up free of the fear, the horror of torture. Bill Neely , ITV News , Basra .
Unspeakable. Journalists killed in the line of duty in Baghdad -- how neutral are reporters in a war supposed to be? Our Jeff Greenfield examines that question when we come back.
Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , a company whose name is so breathtakingly self-promoting it makes me long for the days when every single entity involve in real estate or casinos was called Trump , continues to soar; it rose $1.78, or 7.29%, on news that the company 's namesake will star in a new TV show once she , er... gets out of prison . Now, I know there have been succesful companies that dealt with crooks ( Warner Communications , which started as a merger between business in the three most mob -influenced industries around, comes to mind), but it's a gamble and not a business strategy.
The company 's performance wasn't all that hot even before the CEO went to prison , and until very recently the stock price reflected that. But this is a one- person company , and at this point it 's saying the 'Martha' brand is worth some $1.31 billion. If anything, the value of the brand should decline over time, inasmuch as she 's rather, well, mortal. And she 's been convincted of obstruction of justice. This runup is based on the inexplicable hope that now that the head of the firm and the embodiment of a much-resented brand is no longer doing time for lying to the Federal government , they 'll be able to really coin some money. I just don't know what to say.
Martha should do a reality show. Take 10 contestants , and give them a situation: You have company coming over for dinner; You 're hosting an open house; or, You 're hosting a wedding reception. Then, she just ranks them and eliminates one every week. The stock would really go to the moon on that press release.
let' s talk about fidelity actually shifting some name brand funds into no loads.
reporter: it means it is going to be less expensive to get into some of the mutual funds, some of the biggest, by fidelity . fidelity is going to get rid of the 3% upfront sales charge on five of its largest funds. that does include the magellan fund which is its biggest. contra fund and low-priced stock funds charges are going to be canceled as well. magellan and new millennium are closed to new investors . current investors are not going to be charge peoria police department they are trying to take advantage of investor 's renewed interests to buy stock. many investors show away from funds that include a low or fee. that load or fee was already waived. now, as far as what is going on here on wall street . some renewed interest in buying this afternoon. stocks modestly higher. of course everyone is more or less waiting for the fed decision on interest rates. we 're going to get that tomorrow. wall street expects the central bank to cut rates. technology stocks holding near the break even line. there was a warning from chip maker advanced micro devices . the company says it 's going to miss sales expectations so that is reining in some tech buying. nasdaq sup just slightly. that's the very latest news from wall street. cnn "live from" continues right after this break.
looking at like pictures of heirs force one now on the ground at a royal air force base outside of belfast , northern ireland . it 's called aldergrove , just outside belfast . the president of the united states coming for a brief two-day summit with the british prime minister tony blair . they 'll be talking about a postwar iraq among other important subjects. they 'll also have an opportunity to review the so-called road map for israeli / palestinian peace negotiations to get off the ground. they also want to review what the status is of northern ireland right now as that peace process seems to be taking hold. been relatively quiet in northern ireland over the past few years. this is the third time in as many weeks that president bush and prime minister blair will be sitting down to review station, war strategy, as they go forward together. go forward as close allies in trying to help put together a new iraq . there are some significant differences in their strategy, including what role precisely the united nations should have in determining the future of iraq . they 'll try to thrash all of that out. you 're look at the picture of air force one taxiing in on the tarmac , getting ready for the president . as we watched this picture of the air force one getting into this airport i want to bring in our military analyst general dan crisman to go over what happens happening in baghdad . seems pretty far away from belfast right now, general . but decisions that these two leaders make could have a significant impact on the future of iraq . first of all, general , we 'll keep this picture up of air force one , talk about what you sense is happening on the streets of baghdad right now.
wolf , it's clearly the final phase. the engame which is unfoaling right now. i think it's very significant not only in baghdad but basra itself . you have coalition forces there in some strength. apparently three ba talians of the u.s . 3rd division in baghdad three coalition assets , three huge battle groups in basra itself which the u.k . has there , what they 've developed here , wolf , over the last several weeks i very clear and increasingly clear intelligence as to what the final remnants of the regime leadership are in terms of where they are embedded in the cities . what they 're doing is going in now, very carefully, obviously some symbolic raids against palaces . but the more important presence is to go after what intelligence delivers and that 's where these key leaders are located. they 're going to be defended fanatically but intelligence is so crucial from aerial platforms and special ops personnel to give the three assets the intel which they need to close with and eliminate final remnants of the regime in those citys . this is a very important final phase here, wolf , and it looks like the closure is coming here now more rapidly than we anticipated.
as we continue to watch air force one , now on the ground outside belfast , northern ireland , we 'll be watching president bush emerge from the plane momentarily. we 'll continue to have live coverage of that. when walter rodgers , our embedded reporter with the 3-7th cavalry says three battalions of troops are on the ground, inside baghdad itself , have taken up positions they 're going to spend the night there presumably, how many soldiers are we talking about right now?
between 700 and 1,000 . the task forces really, wolf are probably built around the m-2 bradley the basic infantry fighting vehicle . it is the equipment of choice for a task force like this to go into baghdad . it 's cannon , it 's ability to implace troops and fire through the firing ports in that bradley vehicle to take them in under protection. it 's a very, very important piece of equipment. these are probably mechanized heavy task forces that have overhead aerial platforms to provide direct support. it's significant the degradation of the iraqi air defenses has allowed a-10s , predators , u-s , other assets to hover and loiter and provide the overhead protection to these task
Earth & Sky , a program that airs on NPR , featured a Virginia Tech chemist this morning. Karen Brewer is working to develop a hydrogen generation system "that's energy efficient, inexpensive, clean and renewable." Wonder what she thought of Larry Summer 's remarks on women and science ....
Maybe some day we 'll be stuck in traffic in hydrogen-powered cars .
I wonder what the tolls on the Dulles Toll Road would be by that day?
New solar + new nanotechnology + new fule cell technology + new distribution technology
The components are there if we can get the power companies to quit their lobbying and opposition.
States like New Jersey are putting solar on school roofs and allowing those schools to earn money even during the summer when they are closed. Virginia is falling behind when we should be ahead with schools like Tech developing the technology.
The hydrogen tax will pay for MagLev all over Virginia .
Retired navy officer regrets involvement in bungled plot to protect Ocalan
A retired navy officer facing life in prison over a failed effort to protect Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan , told a court Thursday he felt remorse for his part in the 1999 plot.
`` I have a guilty conscience,'' Andonis Naxakis said during his two-hour testimony.
Naxakis is one of 13 people on trial for bringing the fugitive guerrilla leader to Greece . Ocalan was moved by the government to its embassy compound in Kenya , where he was captured by Turkish commandos .
The retired Greek officer said he had been trying to get Ocalan to The Netherlands , home to a large Kurdish community .
He claimed he had been manipulated by the government .
`` I believe I was unwittingly used as bait for its disgraceful plan ... an organized move by the government to hand Ocalan over to Turkey ,'' he said.
Naxakis and two of Ocalan 's Kurdish associates are being tried on criminal charges of endangering national security. Ocalan , being tried in absentia, was indicted for entering the country illegally, a misdemeanor.
Ocalan , leader of the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , is serving a life sentence in Turkey for leading a 15-year insurgency against the country that left 37,000 people dead.
2,500 Japanese students in Osaka protest against Iraq war
Some 2,500 mainly university students formed a human chain in Japanese characters spelling out "No War" in Osaka on Sunday to protest against the ongoing US -led military campaign in Iraq .
" We cannot forgive this war," Miyako Fuji , 20, one of the rally's organisers told Jiji news agency . " I want to join together the feelings of each of us as individuals who oppose the war."
Protesters , who exceeded the 2,000 expected to show up at the park at Osaka Castle in the city 's downtown neighbourhood , carried placards that read "Stop war" and "Love and Peace" while forming the human chain after 3:00 pm (0600 GMT), Jiji said.
The protest follows a string of others involving tens of thousands of peace activists across Japan since January.
According to a poll by Kyodo news agency released Saturday, 78 of 100 people surveyed opposed the military action in Iraq .
A separate poll of 1,846 adults by the leading Yomiuri newspaper published Tuesday showed 64 percent felt Japan had "no choice" but to back the United States , with only 12 percent saying Japan had "every reason" to back the war.
plus the matrix unloaded. hollywood unleashes the special effects extravagance a. we 'll show you . stay with us .
major fighting may be over, but many american service men and women injured in iraq are just beginning the very long process of recovery. besides the naval hospital outside washington , d.c ., has already treated more than 200 marines and sailors from the war in iraq . 19 of them are still there . i visited some of them only yesterday including one marine whose life was saved by a twist of fate. what strikes you about patrick teeterman and so many of his buddies is how young they are. corporal teeterman , a fresh-faced kid from chicago had a job more important and dangerous than you 'll find in the hands of most 21-year- olds .
i 'm a sniper platoon lead are for isst battalion naval marines .
reporter : the story of how he got to washington , d.c ., is compelling for several reasons, starting with how close he came to not being here at all.
i was definitely blessed that i 'm not paralyzed or dead.
reporter : and how close he came to witnessing history. 24 hours before the fall of baghdad , 24 hours before his fellow marines engaged in a fierce firefight at baghdad university , teeterman 's orders had him just south of the capital taking out iraqi resistance a top a warehouse roof .
there were small pockets of resistance in the area , two, three man groups who had ak-47s and possible rpgs and what not and our job was to just observe forward and make sure no one was waiting to ambush the avs or the tanks and i was on a metal roof and i stepped
U.S . forces moving ever closer to Baghdad , but military officials say they are not counting on capitulation. For a look at what might lie ahead for U.S . forces , let's turn to our Miles O'Brien in Atlanta .
Thank you very much, Judy . To help guide us through all this discussion about red zones, and daggers and exactly what is the strength of the Republican Guard , we turn to Colonel Patrick Lang . He 's retired with the United States Army . He spent some time in the Defence Intelligence Agency , among other things. Colonel , good to have you with us .
What do you suppose right now would be the governor on the forward advance? Is it the Republican Guard or is it the U.S . and coalition supply lines ? Or both?
Well, they are close enough up to Baghdad now so that the supply line issue is probably not a big one since they had time to restock, food, fuel and ammunition . So, probably the main thing is combing through the rubble that the air force has left of these Republican Guard divisions to make sure there are no strong points that you leave behind, that could threaten your lines of supply once they get past. Once they are satisfied they are through all that, I would imaging there will be a pause while they start to reconnoiter into Baghdad , probing hard to see how much resistance there really is.
Well, let me ask you that. First of all, I just wanted to tell viewers where we just took our satellite imagery. This is that Karbala area which is about 50 miles from Baghdad . Baghdad is roughly in that direction from there . We know the vanguard is supposedly as close as 15 miles. One of the next key points along the way here is Saddam international airport . Do you suppose that is a key target right now?
Oh, I 'm sure it is. I mean a feature of that importance would always be something you 'd want to hold. And besides, as soon as you get control of it you 'd be able to start using it for air operations, and put a survey team in there as soon as it 's secured, and then start using it for helicopter operations, haul forward some big bladders of fuel to refuel helicopters and rearm them and things like that. And if the front stabilizes between there and the downtown Baghdad , they 'll start using it for a fixed wing aircraft as well.
Now, as you go from Saddam International Airport into town you see there are some big, wide divided highways there . Control of these highways will be crucial won't it?
Yeah, these are the high-speed approaches into the heart of the city and armored forces like the 3rd Mechanized Infantry Division just love high-speed approaches . They will try to go down those things , cutting the city up into sectors as best they can, and then work on the specific sectors of the city they think are a key terrain . I would think, probably, various facilities as well as major government buildings that they need to control to set up a new government .
It 's a big city , about the size of Philadelphia or thereabouts. Some have said Chicago is a good analogy. Tremendous amount of force needed to control a city of that source, or am a wrong?
Well, it depends on the attitude of the populous , which is not clear yet. If the population , in fact, or at least a big part of them like the Shia half of the population , if they want to be liberated, then you can control them with a fairly small force . If, in fact, a lot of people in the city don't want to be liberated and you 're never going to know that until you try, then you 're going to need a much larger force , and we might end up waiting a couple of weeks for reinforcements .
Based on what you 've seen so far, what is your sense of that? The Shias are a bit gun shy, if you will, in the south because of what happened in 1991. They rose up, didn't get American support. Do you suppose it will be a different story in Baghdad ? Is there a lot of latent hatred for Saddam Hussein that will come out?
Yes, there is, but these folks are going to be mighty cautious. They have a long history of being kicked around by the Sunni Arab population of central Iraq . And they don't have any particular reason to trust us , so far. So they 'll wait and see what happens. It's the other people in the city you have to worry about, who are ethnically much the same as the Saddam Hussein regime . And their behavior right now is unpredictable.
Colonel Patrick Lang , retired, United states Army , thanks for your insights. A man who has been to Baghdad many times and can tell us with great knowledge exactly what it's going to be like to fight on those avenues in that sprawling city of Baghdad - Judy .
Always helps Miles to hear a voice of experience. Thank you and thanks to Colonel Lang . When we come back, hopes rising among investors . That means stocks were up today on Wall Street as they look at the progress of the war in Iraq . We 're going to check in with Rhonda Schaffler at the stock exchange in just a moment.
G's Investing argues that Alan Greenspan is a George Lucas -esque figure : In the Star Wars universe of George Lucas , he portrays a benevolent dictatorship (or benevolent monarchy) as being superior to a democracy, with the democracy being the system rife with bureaucracy and bloat. With Greenspan 's unspoken position as economic czar , that's what we have right now: a benevolent dictatorship of the Fed . But one of the why dictatorships are so inferior to democracies is that democracy offers a stable, peaceful transfer of power. Will we have that at the Fed , when Greenspan leaves
Can't remember where I saw this, maybe at socialsecuritychoice.org. Anyways, the battle lines for social security privatization are being identified as those who are for Choice and Ownership ( Bush ), versus those who equate investing in the SP500 as playing the slot machines ( AARP , most Democrats , etc).
The battle is now for the endorsement of Sir Alan Greenspan . Where will Dr . Greenshades come down in this debate? What will he say on privatization and the associated costs with implementing such a system? I think that'll have a pretty big impact on what happens next...
Ooohhh... I can't tell you how much I want to take sides here, but I 'm trying to keep my political opinions out of this -- I 'd really hate to alienate half my political audience in a single endorsement. So I 'll just note that I don't see it as quite so black-and-white, and I think some of the compromises (like reducing taxes for parents , on the grounds that children are the assets backing Social Security) might be useful and -- we are dealing with a win-or-lose, vote-or-not situation -- practical.
Yeah, I 'm interested in hearing some obtuse Greenspanisms regarding this topic...
Well, the journalists ' death raise questions about the tactics of U.S . troops trying to take control of Baghdad . They also serve as a reminder that many of our colleagues covering this war are putting their lives on the line every day. Some thoughts now on the dangers from our senior analyst , Jeff Greenfield .
When an Al- Jazeera reporter was killed today, the network charged it had been targeted by U.S . force . Central Command said, no, its forces were trading fire from a hotel where the network was housed. At a nearby hotel , two other journalists , a photographer from Reuters and another from Tele 5 Spain died, another case, CENTCOM says, of coalition forces returning fire. A Kurdish journalist died in a U.S . friendly-fire accident in the north . And an American writer / editor , " Washington Post " editorial columnist Michael Kelly , was killed when his Humvee plunged into a canal while evading Iraqi fire. (on camera): It is an elementary fact of life during wartime: A press pass provides no protection. (voice-over): Famed World War II reporter Ernie Pyle was killed by a sniper on an island in the Pacific . Famed combat photographer Robert Capa , who took a classic photo of a fighter 's death during the Spanish Civil War, himself died from a land mine in Indochina . Sean Flynn , son of the famous actor Errol Flynn , disappeared in Cambodia in 1970. More than 65 journalists of many nationalities died in Southeast Asia . ABC News producer David Kaplan was killed by sniper fire in the Balkans in 1992. Sometimes reporters , like " The Wall Street Journal "'s Danny Pearl , die in covering a different kind of war. Pearl was murdered by terrorists in Pakistan . The casualty count helps put the ongoing debate about journalistic neutrality into a sharper light. The 600 journalists embedded with American troops in Iraq will be threatened by the same fire as the troops they are covering. Their safety, their lives, may depend on those troops . Neutrality in a firefight? Not likely. And that raises a bigger question. Are they supposed to be neutral on the outcome of the war? In an interview with broadcasting and cable magazine , CBS News President Andrew Heyward said of the neutrality notion -- quote -- "It's one of the stupidest things I 've ever heard. This story is going to be told from a U.S . point of view. We are American reporters , the ones with the troops ." (on camera): Now, none of this means journalists will ignore unsettling news: military setbacks, lack of supplies, the infliction of civilian casualties. Reporters who ignore or distort facts are betraying their craft no matter what and no matter how much that may anger the people running a war. But whether in the old Soviet Union or Nazi Germany or South Africa or Iraq , respect for the facts does not require a reporter to throw his values over the side. Jeff Greenfield , CNN , New York .
And tonight on "LARRY KING LIVE," Al-Jazeera correspondent Omar Al Issawi will talk to Larry about the death of his colleague and the continuing plight of journalists in a war zone. That's tonight at 9:00 p.m. Eastern,
6:00 Pacific. Just now, we want to show you scenes from Andrews Air Force Base just moments ago, President Bush returning to the United States from his summit in Northern Ireland in Belfast with British Prime Minister Tony Blair , the president back on American soil after a quick two-day trip, less than two-day trip to Belfast , he and the prime minister discussing, of course, the war in Iraq , what happens after, as well as the peace process in the Middle East , and restarting the peace process in Northern Ireland . The president then climbed aboard Marine One , the helicopter , heading back to the White House , where he will arrive pretty soon. Still ahead: How is the world reacting to the war in Iraq ? When we return, our Richard Quest takes a look. Stay with us .
central command says it is investigating iraqi allegations that u.s . attacks are to blame for hundreds of civilian s casualties in hillah . that 's about 60 miles south of baghdad . a member of the international committee of red cross visited the local hospital there , and he says it's a horrible scene.
Report: Toefting drops appeal of assault conviction, will do jail time
Former Danish international Stig Toefting dropped his appeal of an assault conviction and will serve a four-month jail sentence, Denmark 's TV2 reported Monday.
Toefting was convicted in October 2002 of assaulting a pair of restaurant workers during a night out with national squad teammates in the capital , Copenhagen . He was sentenced to four months in prison , but appealed. The hearing was scheduled for April 10.
TV2 , quoting Toefting 's lawyer Anders Nemeth , reported that that 33-year-old midfielder was ready to serve his sentence immediately.
Neither Toefting or Nemeth were immediately available for comment.
Earlier this month, Toefting said English Premier League club Bolton let him go so he could prepare for the appeal.
It was unclear whether Toefting would return to Bolton after serving his sentence. The club said it wasn't aware of Toefting 's decision to drop his appeal.
Toefting transferred to Bolton in February 2002 from German club Hamburg .
Toefting has been convicted before. In 1999 he was given a 20-day suspended sentence for assaulting a fan who berated him for playing with German club Duisburg .
The popular player  _  known for his temperament and the words ``No Regret'' tattooed across his chest  _  retired from Denmark 's national team after it was knocked out in the second round of the 2002 World Cup.
Toefting joined the Danish squad in 1993 and has 41 caps.
tens of thousands of college and high school students stage antiwar protests on campuses yesterday from coast -to- coast . california now, high school and college students there skipped class to show their opposition to a u.s .-led war with iraq . the books not bombs demonstration coored naed by the national youth and student peace coalition . record temperatures in the north . threatening right now to freeze over lake superior surface. if so, forecasters say it will be the first time there in about two decades. lake superior , the largest of the five great lakes . it doesn't look too frozen there .
as bob pointed out, the next battle ground is a bill to block lawsuits by victims of gun violence or families against gunmakers and dealers . and one person whose suit would be blocked is denise johnson if the legislation goes through, the widow of bus driver conrad johnson , the last person killed in the washington , d.c . sniper attacks. jonathan lowe is an attorney with the brady center to prevent gun violence who filed the suit on behalf of johnson and other victims ' families . good of you to join us . let' s talk about what ms . johnson wrote in the " washington post " today. we 'll put a small part of that up on the screen right now where she said, " i am confident that the criminal justice system will work to punish the people who killed my husband . but the civil justice system must also be allowed to work. those who share responsibility for my husband 's death must also be held accountable." what does she mean?
I wish I could have been at a Pub , or wherever these people convene, to see the reactions from all the Britons who read the Telegraph this morning (emphasis added): Britain 's gun laws are aimed at the wrong target, curbing and criminalising legal ownership while failing to tackle huge rises in shooting offences over the past few years, according to an international firearms legislation expert .
Prof Gary Mauser said that Britain was making the same mistake as Canada and Australia in focusing on legal owners - a section of the law-abiding community where gun crimes, such as the Dunblane massacre, were aberrations .
The Home Office and police chiefs should instead tackle the possession of guns in criminal hands, said Prof Mauser , a member of the independent Fraser Institute in Canada . He has given evidence to select committees of the House of Commons and the Canadian Senate and predicted the escalation of gun crime on Britain 's streets .
His warning comes as gun crime incidents are averaging about 29 a day in England and Wales , more than twice the level of when the Labour Government came to power in 1997 . In the past two years, there have been cases of schoolchildren and a baby , killed or injured by guns .
" I believe that factors of political correctness are at work," he said. " Police crackdowns, Home Office initiatives and over-regulation of legally held weapons create froth and they may even fool the police themselves into believing they are doing something about gun crime."
Prof Mauser added: "The sad truth is that while the police officers are inspecting farmers ' gun cabinets to see if they comply with regulations somewhere in the UK , someone , who has not filled in a firearms certificate form, will be smuggling a gun into the country or selling one to an inner city youth ."
Recorded gun crime rose by three per cent to 10,590 incidents in the year to June . Two-thirds of gun crime takes place in London , Birmingham and Manchester . It doesn't matter to these people that crime has skyrocketed since the irrational ban on private gun possession went into effect in Great Britain . Just as long as it's there, they feel safe.
make this final port call for some of these men and women on board who have been there for ten months at sea . chad myers joining me on the set. typical perfect day in san diego waiting for these men and women to come home .
raining in l.a ., raining in san francisco but nice in san diego . it 's a picture perfect place to live. 72 and sunny just about every day.
i just think about all the family members sitting at home , sitting on the dock looking at this boat coming in. it's just amazing. they were not on vacation. they were in danger. your loved ones are in danger for ten months. is he okay today? is she okay today? incredible sight to see these young men and women . they are children . they are 18, 19, 20 years old. think about when i was doing when i was 18, i was thinking about going to college . these guys are running ships .
some of these , as you say, are children . some of these had children while they were out at sea and this is the first time that -- first opportunity to get home and meet and hold them . we 've seen the reunions for the past week or so. it brings a lot of emotion.
we 're watching from the sidelines. you can just imagine what these people must be thinking and how antsy they must be. got to think the last five minutes must feel like five days as they 've spent ten months on the water . just about to come home . sense the anticipation there beginning to build on those docks .
friend of mine in richmond , virginia , on the radio up there wrba . his son was on one of the ships that escorted a carrier . although this came home by itself from hawaii . there are so many other ships out there that escort this ship as it goes out. it 's just not one ship . not just 5,000 people . it is a battle group that goes out. eight, nine, ten ships and a submarine .
while some of these ladies and gentlemen are going to be joining their families half of them are going to stay on board because this -- the " lincoln " is going to be docked in everett , washington . that 's where the home base is. it 's going to have to make a trip up the coast .
they won't get to see their loved ones until tuesday or wednesday. i wonder who gets to get off first. is there a drawing? was there a raffle?
we 've got to deal with the person who 's going to be getting off here . as you 've been watching throughout the morning, you 've been seeing that balloon. just getting back from spending a tour in kuwait during the war. betsy is going to be leaving us . she is jumping ship. she is going on her own .
we have to let her go. she is going to be leaving us . she 'll be leave g -- we do wish you the best, betsy . you know that. it's been a blast having you . been a pain in the butt sometimes. been big part of our group the entire time. love you , betsy .
we 're going to say good-bye to betsy . some of these ladies and gentlemen are going to be saying hello to their families . standing on the side of the ship . can't wait to get off there . we 'll have that for you live. these reunions. that should be happening any moment now. stay with us .
back in this city , a courthouse in manhattan . sam waksal , founder and former considers o of imclone is scheduled to be sentenced today. he pleaded guilty earlier this year to insider trading, bank fraud and tax evasion. waksal could be fined $3.5 million, facing a maximum of 75 years in prison , expected, though, to receive about six to seven years. that's the early indication we 've been given. a friend of his , martha stewart , pleaded not guilty last week. the charges related to her sale of imclone stock. she sold the share as day before bad news about the company sent the stock price falling. considerably. sam waksal , sentenced, 10:00 a.m., local time here in new york .
Shaquille O'Neal 's wife gave birth to a baby boy early Saturday, eliminating any chance that the Los Angeles Lakers center might skip a playoff game to witness the birth.
Shaunie O'Neal gave birth to the couple 's third child at 1:52 a.m. at a Los Angeles - area hospital , team spokesman John Black said. He did not provide the baby 's name or other details.
O'Neal was excused from Saturday's practice. He was scheduled to fly on his own to Minneapolis late Saturday for Sunday's opening game of a first-round playoff series against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
`` We 're really happy for the delivery of a child and the fact that everything's safe and sound and we can go forward from there,'' coach Phil Jackson said. ``Hopefully he can get to Minneapolis , get some rest and be ready to play the first game. That's a pivotal game for every team .''
O'Neal had said he could not rule out missing a game to witness the birth. The due date was April 27, the same day as Game 4 of the best-of-seven series between the Timberwolves and the Lakers .
Teammate Kobe Bryant said he would not be surprised if O'Neal had a big game Sunday despite his expected late arrival in Minneapolis .
`` You just roll off the adrenaline,'' said Bryant , who scored 48 points in a 2001 playoff game at Sacramento after leaving the team to attend to a personal matter.
The birth comes days after the death of O'Neal 's maternal grandfather , Sirlester O'Neal . Funeral services are expected to be held this week in South Carolina , Black said. O'Neal is expected to attend.
well, sex abuse by priests remains an issue in the catholic church in the united states and it is certain to be an issue as bishops gather tomorrow in st. louis for their semiannual meeting. under a charter approved last year by the national conference of catholic bishops , diocese officials will report allegations of sexual abuse of a minor to public authorities . past, present or future sexual abuse of a minor will lead to removal from the ministry . no priest or deacons who sexually abuse a minor may be transferred to another desies . with me now to talk more about the o'brien case and the divisions still dividing the church are barbara blain , the founder of the survivors network in st. louis and also joining us from detroit joe mayor , the founder of a priest support group . barbara , to you first. as the bishops get ready for this important meeting tomorrow, are you satisfied that they have taken all the appropriate steps to deal with the abuse issue?
Colombian guerrillas urge prisoner swap with gov't
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) said Monday that it was prepared to exchange prisoners with the government despite the death of 10 hostages held by the rebel group .
The FARC sought the exchange of more than 70 politicians , soldiers and policemen in its control for nearly 500 rebels imprisoned by the government , said Luis Devia , also known as Raul Reyes , a FARC leader , in a letter sent to the program Noticias Uno.
On May 5, 10 hostages held by the FARC were killed during an attempt to rescue them by the army .
The victims were Antioquia Governor Guillermo Gaviria , former Defense Minister Gilberto Echeverry and eight soldiers .
Reyes said in his letter that the "guerrilla units are in the moral obligation of saving and protecting lives and physical integrity of their prisoners ."
The rebels "in any case cannot allow to have its prisoners to be taken away by enemy forces without a military response," he added.
The 17,000 -strong FARC , the largest guerrilla force in Colombia , has been fighting a war against the government for more than 40 years, leaving 400,000 dead. It is still holding hundreds of hostages including three Americans .
eBay 's nauseating $19.72 decline (a loss of 19.14%) has that end-of-an-era feel, like the Motorola crash described in The Money Game or the nadir of the dot.com collapse profiled in Dot.con . There's news, of course (the only time there's no news whatsoever is when the entire market tanks), but missing estimates by a penny and showing some 'red flags' shouldn't be an excuse for lopping off twice as much as the market had the night before (after hours, eBay had lost a modest 10% or so). Watching a stock drop after hours, open lower, and close even lower than that makes me wonder just who 's selling: a runup usually builds on a gradual crescendo of greater-fool theory -- everyone thinks they can always sell to someone dumber -- and ends when the greatest fool yet gets sick of the whole thing and bails.
Well, it 's owned heavily by everyone . So the only thing folks can do is sell. Institutions especially.
Northshore Management , the hedge fund firm accused of stealing millions of dollars in client funds, is now facing actual SEC action . The amount in question: $37 million. While it's not a major sum compared to the amounts consider before (as high as $90 million), it's good to see that the issue's getting resolved.
Though, of course, there's always the chance that these fund managers were stupid and shortsighted, not actually criminal; apparently, the money stolen was lent to or invested in companies the managers controlled -- so they 're guilty of front-running, at the least. But they might have been using Northshore as an alternative source of capital: Having invested all they could risk, it would only make sense to turn to other sources. What we 'll need to look for in the coming weeks are 1) What happened to the money once it was invested in these companies (were they real companies , or just avenues for stolen funds?) and 2) How much of this was disclosed beforehand.
Lynch Travels Back to U.S.; Is Life in Iraq Stabilizing?; Is Bush 
One of the toughest jobs in Iraq right now is that of the military doctor . CNN medical correspondent , Dr . Sanjay Gupta , has been traveling with the Devil Docs throughout the war and now they are close to Baghdad .
 SANJAY GUPTA, CNN MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over) 
Each of these bangs and explosions comes with a story. Some we 'll never know. For others , the stories can be seen in their injuries. Nobody knows these stories better than the Devil Docs , Naval corpsmen who never look the other way, but rather face what needs to be done without flinching. They are often the first faces the injured see, be they Iraqi or coalition force members . Even while statutes were coming down and there was dancing in the streets , the consequences of continuing firefights are seen here. The work of the Devil Docs is by no means over. The Navy has set up a helicopter landing zone just a 100 meters from a mobile operating room , just on the outskirts of Baghdad . This is the closest front line surgical company . Corpsmen quickly take patients by ambulance away from the blowing sand to a triage tent . It is there the doctors begin their work. Over 45 minutes as we watched, 32 patients were delivered here , evaluated and nine operations started; 29 of those delivered, Marines involved in a firefight in the center of Baghdad . Their stories could be seen in the shrapnel wounds of rocket -propelled grenades and bullet wounds from semi-automatic weapons . The operations are on their hands, abdomen and face. Two of the Marines , too far gone. For many of the survivors , that news is the most difficult to handle. Along with the medical care, hands are held, spirits are lifted. Dr . Sanjay Gupta , CNN with the Devil Docs outside Baghdad .
An old friend , Joseph Britt of Kennesaw , GA , recently emailed to ask about anti-immigration as an issue for Virginia Democrats . Joe had just read a George W. Grayson article in the William & Mary Alumni Magazine , " Myths About Illegal Immigration ."
Grayson does not cite any Virginia examples, but among the "myths" he attempts to explode are that illegal immigrants perform jobs Americans don't want and that they contribute more in taxes and social security than they take from government programs.
I personally know a good number of immigrants , both legal and illegal. One fellow , a Brazilian , has done everything by the book. He gets rewarded by having to pay an immigration attorney thousands of dollars while getting yanked around by the Immigration Service ... not to mention, he 's paying the government thousands in taxes. He gets very frustrated because many of his contemporaries work for cash under the table. They aren't paying lawyers , and they pay nothing into the system. Of course, the Americans who employ illegal immigrants are happy to pay in cash because it means cheaper labor for them .
Who benefits? The illegal immigrants themselves , of course. The employers who hire them instead of raising wages to attract native-born Americans and legal immigrants . And families who hire cheap domestic labor , whether to clean the house , wash the laundry or maintain the lawn. Who loses? Poor, native-born Americans who otherwise would be paid higher wages for their manual labor. Legal immigrants like my Brazilian friend , who sometimes feels like a sap for playing by the rules. And the rest of us who won't hire anyone to work for us unless they 're paying their taxes, even if it means we pay more.
Yeah, I 've got a problem with turning around and giving illegal immigrants all the rights and privileges of the native born and the legal immigrants who 've played by the rules. Yes, I do.
An apparent friendly fire incident in northern Iraq is taking more of a toll on Kurdish leaders than we knew at first. Eighteen people are now reported dead. And there are late reports that the 45 wounded include the brother and a son of a Kurdish political leader . Julian Manyon of ITN has more from Northern Iraq .
It is another friendly fire disaster. This morning, an American bomb destroyed a convoy carrying high officials of the Kurdish Peshmerga forces , which have been fighting alongside the Americans on the northern front. At least 17 Kurdish commanders and their guards were killed, along with an interpreter working for the BBC . More than 40 were injured. The military chief of the Kurdish KDP , the brother of their leader , Massud Barzani (ph), was gravely hurt. (on camera): Trying to organize a northern front with just a few hundred U.S . Special Forces troops and the poorly armed Kurdish Peshmerga guerrillas was always going to be a high-risk exercise. The idea was to open the way with heavy sustained American bombing of Iraqi positions. But today, it all went disastrously wrong. (voice-over): Even as we filmed the wreckage, U.S . jets were still dropping their bombs nearby. Giant explosions erupted down the road . Earlier, we had joined another convoy of U.S . Special Forces troops and Kurdish fighters as they tried to move south through country abandoned by the Iraqi army . At first, all was calm. American troops controlled the operation from a rooftop. Then, as the Kurds advanced again, the Iraqis opened up. (on camera): Now we 're hearing the boom of Iraqi guns as they fire towards our positions. All morning, the Kurds have been trying to advance, and that was the shell going off. (voice-over): The Iraqi gunners rapidly found our range, and we took refuge in an abandoned farm house .
We finally managed to get out by car . Here in the north , Iraqi tanks and guns are still firing, and the American effort is looking a little ragged. Julian Manyon , ITV News , on the northern front.
Julian Manyon with some very dramatic pictures as we look at the live pictures of Baghdad at night. We will take a short break, our live coverage continues.
a former fbi informant accused of being a double agent has been indicted. the charges against katrina leung are the latest in an alleged case of sex, spies , and international intrigue. charles feldman is in los angeles with details on this one.
reporter: this is a story that has made the fbi look -- well, kind of dopey. it has put a spotlight on u.s ./ china relations. like any good spy movie, it's already had a sequel with the first indictment earlier in the week and another one just yesterday. on thursday, the other shoe dropped. just one day after a former fbi counterintelligence agent was indicted on charges of gross negligence, his mistress of two decades, katrina leung , was herself indicted on more serious charges of copying and possessing documents relating to the national security of the united states . documents she allegedly lifted on many occasions from the briefcase of her ex- fbi handler , james smith . leung 's lawyers wasted little time responding to the grand jury indictment.
katrina leung is no matt aharry , as people have suggested. she was recruited actively by the fbi because of what she could do and because of what she knew. she d not go out to get this job.
reporter: leung , a prominent chinese - american , was practically the toast of l.a . she was seemingly present for just about every event involving local politicians , sometimes national ones , and various high-ranking officials of the chinese government . that part, at least, was by design. leung was hired by the fbi and paid almost $2 million over 20 years to spy on the chinese . federal prosecutors now say she pulled a fast one and actually spied on the u.s . for the chinese . this case is a major embarrassment
We have been on the go since about noon on Wednesday and even longer in the wife 's case. She started cleaning about a week before the holiday and cleaned for about two weeks right thru the holiday.
We spent Friday doing a little shopping and got to bed early, but Saturday was busy with football watching. The Irish suck. Not as a people , but as a football team . The looked good for 15 minutes, but then they got run over by Matt Leinert and USC . I have no beef with USC being number one , but Oklahoma is nowhere close to number two in the country , and I am sick of the pollsters who only look at East coast scores instead of watching tape of the games. Auburn has trailed in exactly two games this year, and has given up less than 9.5 points per game. Oklahoma has given up bucketloads of points, but still gets some mystery respect for it.
( I know many of you may be tired of my rants about this, have no fear. It'll all be over by next Sunday night or Monday morning. At that point, we 're either in or fucked and either way, I 'm writing about it once then, and that will be it).
Anyway, we decided to go ahead and get a fake tree yesterday, and we got that bad boy put up yesterday and are decorating it today. We also got all of our exterior lights up today, marking the first time this family has ever had their decorating done by Thanksgiving Sunday. Big kudos to the missus .
It feels weird not watching racing today, but it'll get easier and then, come January 10th or so, there'll be testing news and driver signing news and we 'll be on the back side of the remaining 84 days until the Daytona 500.
i 'm allan chernoff at the new york stock exchange . american airlines , a second major union at american is planning a new vote on the company 's cost cutting agreement. the unions are outraged that a bonus plan for top executives that had not been fully disclosed before the union voted to take pay cuts. the transport brokers union made the revote last night moments before the ceo publicly apologized to his employees . carty said he thought the employees would like the plan that meant to keep the executives that company . but he concealed the details fearing the story would cause problems when they were asking employees for big concessions. shares of american airlines are falling sharply for the second straight day on the fears that the company might be forced to file for bankruptcy. the stock market has bounced back from a weak start. a lot more earning's reports out today, many positive, a few disappointments sprinkled in, as well. the dow jones industrial average is up by 16 points right now and the nasdaq composite higher by 6 points.
Virtually No Resistance In Tikrit, Supposedly Place of Saddam's Last 
The people of Tikrit are saying Saddam 's family left that city three days ago, well before the Americans arrived. Saddam 's clan is said to have left for a small village in the desert . 12:19 p.m.: CNN 's Ryan Chilcote reports the 101st Airborne 2nd Brigade finds 11 of what an Army general describes as chem-bio labs buried to avoid detection near Karbala , each of the structures 20-by- 20 feet. And the military also found over 1,000 pounds of documents buried at the site. U.S . inspections will continue there.
Well, Baghdad is a city where drinking water and working telephones are hot commodities. Now, regular cell phones rarely work these days in the city , we 're told, but satellite phones are another story entirely. CNN 's Rula Amin reports from the Iraqi capital .
They wait for hours to find a journalist and they plead with us to borrow our mobile satellite phones. They need to send a message to their families abroad just to tell them , " We are alive," says this woman . Here , they wait outside a restaurant where journalists hang out. And they are desperate. "Only for one minute," says this mother . She wants to call her pregnant daughter Saba (ph) in Sweden to see if she has delivered. "It's not good for her to worry about us ," she says. Across the fence, a 21-year-old U.S . Marine named Jason Cook (ph) is after the same phones. He wants to call his mom in Houston . A " New York Times " reporter lends Cook his mobile sat phone.
I love you too, mom . Hey, old man . I 'm in the middle of Baghdad , just patrolling up and down the streets .
Cook hasn't spoken to his family since Super Bowl Sunday, January 26. On this one sidewalk in Baghdad , they were all doing the most natural thing during war, trying to reach their loved ones .
I got an older brother and a little brother and sister .
We do our share. And the first to call is the mother . Saba hasn't delivered yet. Nevertheless, the mother is happy. Everyone wanted to call. We couldn't accommodate everybody . So, on small notes, they wrote the phone numbers we didn't get to dial, hoping we 'd deliver on our promise that we 'd call on their behalf. Rula Amin , CNN , Baghdad .
Makes you wish they had enough satellite phones to go around for everybody . Thanks, Rula . Up next: the commander-in-chief 's political future. Now that the war is winding down, is his support among Democrats looking up?
call him the man with the golden guns . saddam hussein 's son uday was apparently the owner of 74 golden guns . the ak-47's in the stash were gold-plated. there also were silver and nickel-plated weapons . one that was a gift from saddam had an engraving from the former iraqi leader .
House clearance Royal Marine style, troops from (UNINTELLIGIBLE) commando task to seek out the last pockets of Iraqi resistance in Umm Qasr go in hard to arrest suspected regime sympathizers and search for weapons . It's not pretty and there's no please and thank you but for the Marines , every door potentially hides a gunman and when your life is on the line, manners go out the window. The Iraqis arrested looked bemused (ph) and plead innocence but with many militia here , pretending to surrender only to open fire on their captors later, first impressions can be deceptive and lethal. This patrol did find hidden weapons . They 're not the first and they 're unlikely to be the last . The Marines believe they have a firm hold on Umm Qasr right now but they can't afford to slack in their grip and allow those who are hostile to the coalition forces to regroup and begin again their cycle of violence. The Marines with their snipers have now snipers have now spread their area of operations north to include the town of Umm Kiou (ph). As in Umm Qasr before it , they 're here to clear out the opponents to regime change. A man in this vehicle took a pot shot at the commandos . It was a painful and bloody mistake.
We sent in one of our companies of about 100 men in here this morning and we took about 12 or 13 prisoners , three or four enemy were injured and they 've now been flown out and we 're treating them including a man who is almost dead with a gunshot wound to the chest. We 've now evacuated them out and the enemy now have either fled or they 've been captured.
The Royal Marines are satisfied they are in control of this small corner of Iraq . Their task now is to keep it that way. David Bowden in southern Iraq .
we begin with strom thurmond the man who set an endureance record for politics died last night in his hometown of edgefield , south carolina . he won his first election in 1928, the office of the county superintendent. from there, he had a 36-year career affiliated with the democratic party before he switched parties in 1964 to support barry goldwater 's campaign for president. it started a 36-year career of the republican party . he gained national recognition as a segregationist . much more ahead on his legendary and controversial career in just a few minutes. a man who had controversy, but knew how to change with the times.
so what are the clintons , ford and arnold schwarzenegger and the cast of "friends" have in common? they all love california . that is certainly true and know aaron tonkin and according to to " vanity fair ," he 's at the heart of half a dozen investigations with fraud and angry investor lawsuits a-plenty. joining us is brian burrow to explain it for us . who this guy ? garn tonkin ? brian , can you hear me ?
can you hear me ? you 're on the air. one of the great moments of live television, isn't it? bliian , can you hear me ? all right. we 'll take a --
we 'll take a short break. we 'll be right back. become a member of... ...at westin.com. jooirx joining us , brian burrow . who is aaron tonkin .
he is one of the biggest if not the biggest names in the world of hollywood fund-raisers . a person who would put together celebrities with charities to raise a lot of money. he was perhaps best known as kind of the focal point between bill and hillary clinton in the hollywood community .
what's interesting, i mean, reading the article, basically a lot of the celebrities paid by him to attend charity functions.
yeah. that's one of the things that was most surprising to me was in learning that in one of the -- one major fund-raiser, for instance, honoring former president clinton , former president ford paid by mr . tonkin and sylvester stl loan was paid. i thought it was for charity.
yeah. i guess apparently not and a lot of the celebrities making money from this. are they reporting it to the irs . i guess at least one irs investigation about this.
right now, aaron tonkin factors in no fewer than seven different federal and state investigations. one of them being an irs investigation into several million dollars worth of cash and gift that is he gave to many many hollywood celebrities .
now, his attorney gave us a statement i 'll put it on the screen. it says -- is that possible?
in fact, allege ledged one of the principle reasons he took so much fun from
Blockbuster/Hollywood -- A debt-based hostile takeover?
I 've been keeping a careful eye on the Blockbuster / Hollywood machinations for a while (and well I should -- I have stock in one of the deal's participants , Movie Gallery ), but even so I 'm surprised that Blockbuster 's latest gambit is to buy up Hollywood 's debt . It's an admirable hedge -- if Movie Gallery wins, it could improve Hollywood 's rating, and either way it offers Blockbuster some leverage. And this is, as far as I know, the first time since the Allegheny deal that there's been a hostile takeover using debt.
MCI to pay huge fine to SEC for accounting fraud: report
MCI , formerly WorldCom , and the Securities and Exchange Commission have reached a final agreement in the telecom giant 's 11-billion-dollar (9.4-billion-euro) fraud case, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Under terms of the agreement, to be submitted as early as Monday to a judge presiding over the case, MCI would agree to pay the largest fine imposed so far by the SEC on a company that is not a broker- dealer , the Journal said, citing sources close to the matter.
The report did not give the amount of the fine, but said it would be "exponentially larger" than the historic 10 million dollars Xerox paid the SEC last year.
Last month, the SEC slapped fines totaling 1.4 billion dollars on 10 Wall Street brokerages to settle charges of conflicts of interest between analysts and investors .
MCI and the SEC negotiated the agreement for months after a partial settlement in November under which MCI , formerly known as WorldCom , agreed not to mislead investors about its finances, and to improve internal controls, the Journal said.
The estimated value of the fraud has reached historic proportions, swelling from the initially announced 3.5 million dollars to 11 million dollars as revelations of misconduct piled on, the report said.
Separately, former WorldCom CEO Bernard Ebbers failed on April 29 to make a first repayment of 25 million dollars, plus interest, on a 400-million-dollar loan from MCI , the Journal said, citing SEC documents.
Because he is now in default MCI must now seize additional assets owned by Ebbers , to secure the loan. The company has already sold his Georgia -based yacht building business for 15 million dollars, and is close to selling his ranch in British Colombia , which is expected to bring 60 to 70 million dollars, the Journal said.
want to get to florida . a massive manhunt underway where a rapist is targeting children . dna testing has conclusively linked one man . the two most recent victims , age 11 and 13. they also believed one of those attacked in this string is age 79 as well. we talked with the lieutenant in miami and there is big time concern in the shenandoah neighborhood , southwestern portion of miami . overseas in iraq , a major operation underway.
Roundup: UK, US downplay divide on UN role in post-war Iraq
A two-day summit between British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W. Bush ended here Tuesday with both countries trying to minimize splits on UN role in rebuilding Iraq after the ongoing US -led war against the country is over.
As the US -led coalition troops are reportedly thrusting into Baghdad and the second Iraqi city of Basra , Blair and Bush agreed there would be a "vital role" for the United Nations in post-war Iraq .
During their first war summit on March 27 at Camp David ,  Blair and Bush became divided over what a role the United Nations will play in postwar Iraq , when Bush gave no positive reaction to Blair 's suggestion of a strong UN role.
After the Camp David talks, Blair , who analysts say has been pursuing a special relationship with Washington in order to restore Britain 's traditional role as a transatlantic " bridge ", was forced to readjust his tone.
Blair and Bush were expected to bridge their gap on the issue by reaching an agreement on UN role in post-war Iraq , some analysts said even before this summit at Hillsborough , south of Belfast , the second of its kind since the war broke out on March 20.
In a joint written statement, the two allies pledged to seek UN Security Council resolutions to affirm Iraq 's territorial integrity, ensure aid delivery and endorse an "appropriate" post- conflict administration for Iraq .
" We welcome the appointment by the United Nations Secretary- General of a special adviser for Iraq to work with the people of Iraq and coalition representatives ," the statement added.
The United Nations would have a "vital role" in the effort to repair Iraq 's infrastructure, Blair told reporters at a news conference after his talks with Bush , downplaying UN role in emphasizing that ultimately the country must be run by the Iraqi people .
"The key is that Iraq in the end should be governed by the Iraqi people ," Blair said, pledging that British and US forces would not stay in the country "a day longer than necessary".
It was a "false choice" to debate whether Iraq should be run by coalition forces or the United Nations , said Blair , who was believed to be in favor of a stronger UN role in post-conflict Iraq than Bush .
Echoing Blair , Bush said the UN would play a role in all aspects of post-war Iraq , from humanitarian aid to a future interim authority , adding that Iraq would "move as quickly as possible" to an interim authority made up of Iraqis from inside and outside the country .
However, when pressed on what precisely the UN role would be, Bush on Tuesday mentioned only humanitarian work, "suggesting" people to staff the interim authority and helping Iraq "progress."
"When we say vital role for the United Nations , we mean vital role for the United Nations in all aspects of the issue, whether it be humanitarian aid, or whether it be helping to stand up an interim authority . The Iraqi people will decide who 's on the Iraqi interim authority ," said Bush .
Bush did not spell out how much power the United Nations would have, nor did he elaborate on Washington 's plans to place US officials alongside Iraqis in the interim administration .
Differences still remain between the United States and Britain , analysts said, over the speed with which Iraq should be handed to an interim Iraqi administration , and the extent to which a US -led group of generals and former diplomats should effectively run the country .
Yet, analysts argued, both Britain and the United States hope their agreed vision of a postwar scenario will placate anti-war nations such as France , Germany and Russia .
" We will move as quickly as possible to place governmental responsibilities under the control of an interim authority composed of Iraqis from both inside and outside the country ," Bush vowed at the joint news conference with Blair , adding that the interim authority would serve until a permanent government could be chosen by the Iraqi people .
"Rebuilding of Iraq will require the support and expertise of the international community. We are committed to working with international institutions , including the United Nations , which will have a vital role to play in this task," Bush added.
Blair also pleaded the world to avoid "endless diplomatic wrangles" over the future of Iraq like the international dispute over a second UN resolution on Iraq that preceded the war.
France and Germany , which were most vocal in opposing this US - led war against Iraq , have been insisting that the United Nations should play a central role in the phase of post-war Iraq .
On the unresolved dispute between Europe and the United States , analysts say, Blair might again have to make a difficult choice, but he is very likely to support the United States , which Britain can not afford to fall out with.
CIA SAYS NORTH KOREA HAS NEW NUCLEAR TESTING SITE AND TECHNOLOGY
U.S . intelligence officials now believe North Korea is developing the technology to make nuclear warheads small enough to fit atop the country 's growing arsenal of missideS ( potentially putting Tokyo and U.S . troops based in Japan at risk, according to officials who have received the intelligence reports.
In the assessment, which they have shared with Japan , South Korea and other allies in recent weeks, officials at the Central Intelligence Agency said that U.S . satellites have identified a sophisticated new nuclear testing site in an area called Youngdoktong . At the site , equipment has been set up to test conventional explosives that , when detonated, could compress a plutonium core and set onfe nuclear explosion.
[oMa intelligence officials believe that the existence of the testing range is evidence that the country intends to manufacture much more sophisticated weapons that would be light enough to put onto its growing arsenal of medium- and long-range missiles . Previously, U.S . officials had said they were uncertain whether North Korea had received enough outside technical help to even attempt to make such a ``miniaturized'' nuclear warhead . The new testing capability would suggest that the North Koreans are getting closer _ now, officials said, the intelligence reports say they could do in in as little as a year or less. But officials say there is no sure way of knowing that they can until they actually test one .
Senior administration officials say that Washington has been trying to convince Asia gent that it requires a unified diplomatic front to force the country to give up its weapons . The new intelligence is apparently being marshaled to support the administration 's argument.
According to officials who have been briefed on the U.S . reports, conventional explosions simulating a nuclear detonation have been set off at the testing site , which is near North Korea 's main nuclear complex . North Korea has never tested a nuclear weapon , though the CIA long ago estimated that it manufactured two crude devices in the late 1980s or early 1990s.
North Korea , unlike Iraq , has made no secret of its plan to develop nuclear weapons . Now, administration officials say they fear that the country is on the verge of producing five or six new weapons , some of which might be miniaturized.
 ``This would give them the range they never had before, and the chance to spread their threat far beyond South Korea ,'' said one senior Asian official , noting that approximately 60,000 U.S . troops are based in Japan . ``It changes the dynamics of the problem.''
The new intelligence estimates provided to Asian allies , however, left it unclear how quickly the North could produce the small warheads . The worst-case estimate, officials say, is that they could do so in less than a year.
U.S . satellites have been watching North Korean nuclear activity intently since late last year, when the North evicted international inspectors . Those inspectors had stood guard over a collection of 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods, which can be reprocessed into weapons -grade plutonium.
In January the country began to re-start its nuclear rexrOgessing equipment, which had been mothballed for nearly a decade under a 1994 agreement with the Clinton administration . But according to U.S . officials , it now appears that North Korean engineers ran into technical problems in restarting the facilities . While intelligence officials have reached no consensus, they told allies last week that in the worst case, only a few hundred of the 8,000 rods had been converted into plutonium. It would take 1,000 to 1,500 rods to make enough plutonium for a weapon , experts say.O
``What we are told is that it would take perhaps six months after that to produce a miniaturized warhead , and put it into one of the missiles ,'' said one senior official who has recently reviewed the intelligence. ``But after Iraq , who knows how good those estimates are?''
After the claims made about prohibited weapons in Iraq , which have not been found so far, skepticism about the quality of U.S . intelligence is widespread. And in the case of North Korea , as in Iraq , the immediacy of the threat depends on whose analysis seems most compelling.
So far, U.S . intelligence has picked up almost no sign of the telltale krypton gas that is released into the atmosphere when nuclear fuel rods are converted into weapons -grade plutonium. This has led some analysts to argue that the North Koreans may be farther from producing a weapon than feared a few months ago.
But others note that trucks were seen carrying the rods out of their normal storage area months ago, and it is unclear where they are _ or even whether the United States is sniffing for the krypton gas in the right place .
`` We don't believe that the main reprocessing facility has been very active,'' said one senior administration official in a recent interview. ``But could there be a second reprocessor ? No one knows for sure.''
Without question, though, North Korea 's capabilities greatly outstrip anything Iraq has had in the past decade, and North Korea 's program is probably several years ahead of Iran 's.
President Bush and South Korea 's new president , Roh Moo-h is unclear whether they interpret the meaning of that phrase the same way. Bush has said he wants a diplomatic solution to the problem, but would not foreclose any option, including military options. Roh has said any pre-emptive strike against the North 's nuclear facilities could prove disastrous.
arthritis. * * we liberated the people of iraq from a brutal dictatorship. [ translator speaking] we brought greater security to people of all nations . i want to thank the president for spain 's diplomatic support before the conflict. [ translator speaking] and for the use of spanish air space and bases as the war grew closer. [ translator speaking] i also offer my condolences to the family and friends of the two members of the spanish media who lost their lives while covering the hostilities. [ translator speaking] both spain and the united states are committed to a stable, democratic and peaceful future for the people of iraq . [ translator speaking] spain has shown that commitment by sending engineering and medical units to help the people of iraq . [ translator speaking] and i thank you for that help. [ translator speaking] today, i have moved to ease sanctions imposed by the united states against iraq 's old government . [ translator speaking] first based on the authority recently given to me by congress i 'm suspending the iraq 's sanctions act, which restricts the export of certain commitment necessary for iraq 's reconstruction. [ translator speaking] secondly,'m directing the secretary to relax sanctions on american countries and citizens conducting business in iraq that contributed to humanitarian reconstruction. [ translator speaking] soon, at the u.n . security council , the united states , great britain and spain will introduce a new resolution to lift the sanctions imposed by the united nations . [ translator speaking] the regime that the sanctions were directed against no longer rules iraq . [ translator speaking] and no country in good conscience can support using sanctions to hold back the hopes of the iraqi people . [ trance lay or the speaking] across the globe , spain and america will continue as strong allys in the war against terror. [ translator speaking] today, the united states took steps to cut off financing for the organization because of its ties to the eta . [ translator speaking] we believe that the people of spain like everywhere have a right to live free from terror. [ translator speaking] we 'll also work for a better world beyond the war on terror. [ translator speaking] we 're committed to expanding trade which builds prosperity on both sides of the atlantic . [ translator speaking] we 'll work together to address global poverty in the terrible diseases such as hiv aids. [ translator speaking] spain and the united states will stand on the side of people everywhere striving for greater freedom, tolerance and opportunity. [ translator speaking] we 're determined to help build peace between the israelis and the palestinians . [ translator speaking] last week's confirmation of mazen permitted the road map for peace, developed with russia , the european union and the united states . [ translator speaking] spain and the united states are determined to take advantage of this moment of opportunity for peace. [ translator speaking] i 'm grateful for the wise council and friendship of jose maria aznar . [ translator speaking] [speaking spanish]
canada is on the path to becoming the third country to allow gay marriage. the federal government will not appeal the court ruling that cleared the way for same-sex unions. prime minister jean chretien says the government will now draft legislation legalizing gay marriages. and the u.s . government can repeat, can withhold the names of people detained as part of the 9/11 investigation. that's the decision from a federal appeals court reversing a lower court ruling. the justice department argued that releasing the names could hamper ongoing investigations. as we 've been reporting, only within the past hour or so, there's been a shooting incident in central israel , not far from the west bank . a 7-year-old israeli girl has died. two others , her father apparently and another sister , have been wounded in this incident. we 're going to continue to get more details on this late-breaking development and bring you those details when we have them.
adrenaline is high on the flight deck of this carrier at war. soon after dawn on this fourth day, confirmation of the ship 's first strike.
fourth day of combat operations today bore fruit for the air wing and the ship team here . we had f-14 aircraft drop laser-guided bombs , f-18s drop joint direct attack munitions or j-dam weapons into eastern afghanistan today this is the first of an unknown number of strikes we 'll conduct during our watch in "operation enduring freedom."
they 'll come back high fiving and feeling pretty good about it but it is a bit of a somber event that they 're going through out here . but the biggest thing you 're seeing is the intensity.
reporter: the fighter jets dropped their ordnance in a coordinated atack on a convoy near the afghan city of choft . the pentagon says the convoy was taliban and al qaeda troops .
there was an attack on a convoy of leadership that was identified through various intelligence means. that was done within the last 24 hours.
reporter: but the strikes prove controversial. local afghans in the convoy say it was a group of elders on their way to the inaugural ceremony for interim afghan leader hamid karzai . analysts believe some tribal warlords may have taken advantage of american firepower by accuse ing rife aal leaders of being taliban and misguiding u.s . intelligence.
the consequence of injuring or hurting someone who is friendly or nonparticipant in combat is very difficult to deal with. a. and we go extreme details in -- and do a lot of training as well to make sure that doesn't happen.
we have dropped ordnance today. and i 'm sure we 'll continue to drop ordnance . and do it with precision, do it with accuracy, and do it on call when needed first time every time. holy, holy, holy
reporter: as the " john c. stennis " ends its first week of operations in the arabian sea , christmas is only a few days away. though a choir rehearses in the chapel for a christmas event, for the crew , it is another workday, their first day off won't be for another three weeks.
it is another day for me . when i 'm out here , i don't look at a calendar, i don't think about it. i stay busy at work.
reporter: but there are other chances for the smip to gather like this moment of pride to honor sailors who earned a promotion in rank. it is called a frocking ceremony.
there is a sense of respect that you 'll agree as you walk around this crew is there. as they take care of one another the whole community comes together they follow together as a team or they win together as a team . and i always encourage them to take care of themselves . because if they don't care of themselves , then it kind of all falls apart at the seams.
reporter: last time we saw this sailor he was washing dishes in the ghali . now he 's been promoted. and pilots sarah "clutch" joiner and russ "gladys" knight say their final good-byes.
reporter: before boarding a cargo flight off the " uss stennis ." they 'll be home in time for christmas.
i 've been here for four and a half years. it is probably time to go. but i 'm going miss them . they 're pretty much my family right now, or my family away from my family .
reporter: savoring every last minute on the ship , commander knight rushes to the flight only seconds before the door closes.
had is the best tour of my life. 19 years in the navy , it has been the best tour of my life.
reporter: for the rest of the crew , there is five more months to go in this deployment. and no one knows how long america 's new war on terrorism will keep the " uss john c. stennis " engaged in battle. on highest alert as a carrier at war.
we continue with the pride and professionalism we have shown to date, we can't do anything but be successful. please make sure you take care of your ship , take care of yourselves ,
Jordan rejects government critic's bid to run in June 17 parliamentary elections
Jordanian authorities on Monday said Jordan 's first female lawmaker was ineligible to run in June 17 parliamentary elections following her conviction last year over publishing information that harmed the government 's reputation.
Toujan Faisal , 54, said she was informed of the refusal by an Interior Ministry committee overseeing election preparations.
``The excuse is invalid because I 've been convicted on political not criminal grounds, which doesn't violate my right for contesting the elections,'' Faisal told The Associated Press .
Faisal was convicted in May 2002 for publishing false and exaggerated information abroad that harmed the government 's reputation and dignity. She was sentenced to 1{ years in jail .
But after spending 40 days in prison , Jordan 's King Abdullah II pardoned the former legislator known for her harsh criticism of the state .
Jordan 's electoral law bans Jordanians from contesting the polls if they were convicted of any crime, except political, and sentenced to more than one year in jail .
Government officials were not immediately available for comment.
During Faisal 's 1993-97 stint in parliament , she became known as a fierce critic of the government and Muslim extremists and a champion of liberal views in conservative Jordan . She lost her seat in the 1997 election.	    snm-jjh/pg 
We all know by now that Choicepoint allowed some highly respectable Nigerian businessmen of impeccable credentials to view hundreds of thousands of customer records for entirely legitimate purposes -- they were paying customers , after all, and The Customer is Always Right. But even after that huge mistake -- or rather, because of it -- the company 's top executives began dumping shares like mad . What's scary is that since they started selling, the stock's down about 5%. Clearly, they were expecting lots more damage. These insider sales were certainly stupid, and probably criminal (though the legal proof may be hard to come by) but the solution is easy enough: They need to buy stock from the company itself , at some premium to the prices at which they sold -- they 'll have the same stake as before, the shareholders would have gotten their money back (since the premium goes to the company , which is owned by the shareholders ), and there's no need to disrupt their business by taking the matter to court .
Or, if you want to do things the SEC 's way, you could 1) Hire a bunch of lawyers with the company 's ( shareholders ') money, 2) Hire a legion of PR firms to explain away that frivolous spending, 3) Hire a new accountant to magically turn that spending into an investment amortizable over twenty years, and 4) Settle out-of- court by having the execs give the SEC some pittance (for which they 'll likely be compensated by the company ) and a statement that " We neither admit nor deny that we did what you claim, but we 'll never do it again." Thank God for the SEC -- they 've practically made it a shareholder 's utopia , here.
from the air, it looks like a big box of spifld matching and toothpicks. a runaway fragt train derailed in commerce , california , and spilled its load of lumber. our national correspondent frank buckley is on the scene for us . he 's there and joining us live with details. how bad is it?
see that graphic? more than a million babies awaiting adoption in china today. a california family is now bigger by one . tonight they 're welcoming little abby kramer in the world was anything but simple. her new mom and dad had to contend with international red tape, traveling thousands of miles to meet the new addition and cope with the sars crisis going on in china . their story is remarkable. thelma gutierrez telling the story of the kramers meeting kramer .
reporter: the kramers are taking a trip. the trip of a lifetime.
reporter: mark and denise are going to china to pick up a baby girl . her new parents will call her abby.
to me looks like my child is my child . so i can't wait to have her .
reporter: after waiting nearly a year, things get a little complicated for the kramers . sars wreaks havoc in china and foreign adoptions are put on hold. the kramers are among the lucky ones . their vias are approved.
reporter: still they have concerns. they 're heading to quinn joe .
we understand that 's where the sars epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart .
reporter: nothing will stop them . what would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up?
the people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad . they 're the ones that love you and care for you . we are.
reporter: finally, it's time to go. with the 16-hour flight to look forward to --
reporter: -- the kramers are finally on their way. with our video camera, they record their journey.
we just boarded the plane . the flight attendants are wearing masks.
reporter: the kramers decide not to. neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip.
reporter: the kramers must wait and travel to another town for abby . on the next flight, passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of sars.
sod is the big day. we 're an hour and a half from getting our abigail .
i kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and --
reporter: they know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born. she spent most of her life in an orphannage . now abby has a new life in california with the kramers and their two kids .
i think i love her more every day, every time i look at her .
well, it is our turn to meet the kramers back in the u.s . after their journey to china to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps, member of their family , in los angeles , the proud parents of 11 mnth abigail kramer . thank you for being with us .
tell us a little about this journey, that moment when you first saw her . you traveled. this is going on two years, you battled bureaucracy, traveling thousands of miles, facing disease. what was that like?
incredible. you know, just to hold her in our arms, have her with us . i mean, you count the moments. and it was just anticipation all the way there . so it was relief. it was, you know, a dream come true. she was -- she 's really a delight. i mean, though it was a little pandemonium at the moment, she 's wonderful. we love her .
and, mark , it was -- the first time you were holding her , it looked like she was crying a lot. she seemed startled to see someone that looked so different.
yes, this was probably her first experience ever seeing a fair- skinned, bearded goatee, monster looking guy and she just freaked out the first time she saw me . it took about a day and a half for her to warm up. i had to hide in the hotel room . she would find me in the room and start crying every time she saw me .
yeah, she 'd find me across the room and break into tears. it was kind of that way with anyone that was blond, that was fair-skinned.
yeah. when you first heard about sars, i mean, did you suddenly think, this may not happen? this could stop the whole thing
sure. we got calls that morning saying "did you hear that they 're halting all travel?" and we put in a call to the agency . we were going. and we put a lot of trust in our agency . and they were great. you know, unless we were absolutely stopped, we were going.
right. after two years of working towards it, we were almost more afraid not to go than to go at the very end.
you know, mark , i hope this isn't too personal a question. if it is, just simply tell me to shut up. but when -- in the story i saw abby was abandoned on the side of the road , which is just -- it's unthinkable. you can't even imagine a parent doing that. what do you think you 're going to tell her when she grows up about how she came to live with you ?
well, i get emotional every time i -- someone asks that. but we 're going to give her the best love and affection we can and give her a strong self esteem and we 're going to teach her
Sirius Satellite -- Brilliant Plan, or Grasping at Straws?
Mel Karmazin is pushing to add Sirius Satellite services to iPods -- an interesting idea, inasmuch as it seems to defeat the purpose of both. The iPod's the tiniest possible container for vast music libraries, and Sirius is a way to get at lots of content when said music library is unavailable. On the other hand, Karmazin and Jobs are two of the smartest dealmakers around, so they might find a way to structure this or spin it to the benefit of everyone . My main suspicion is that this is Karmazin hoping to see the phrase " Mel Karmazin , CEO ["That's right," Mel says to himself , " C-E-friggin- O !"] of Sirius Satellite Radio ..."
Steve Jobs knows a bad idea when he 's pitched it, for exactly the reasons you point out. Plus, a satellite receiver burns a lot of power, even if it could be made tiny.
On the other hand, the guy has convinced some very smart people to spend huge sums on stupid ideas -- there isn't much talk about it now, but back when his reputation wasn't so hot (late '80s), lots of journalists talked about the " Steve Jobs Reality Distortion Field." He could get people to ignore every single technical obstacle to an idea, and invest on the basis of something beautifully, but ridiculously, simple. Basically, he sells the future; the iPod and the Mac Mini are just times he got lucky and the future caught up.
commercial A video of a commercial in case nobody knows what I "m talking about =)
the wizards may not want jordan , but the head of the expansion team says jordan could run operations there , if he wants to. it 's his home state after all. on wednesday, washington wizards ' owner ended the three-year association with jordan . according to "the washington post ," the meeting degenerated into name-calling after jordan was offered $10 million in gratitude over the next five years. jordan reportedly responded he wasn't in it for the money. cnn 's josie karp has the story.
reporter : for the first time since being cut from the team in high school , michael jordan was left in the awkward position of being unwanted by the game he has come to define. after playing the last two seasons with the washington wizards , jordan said he expected to return to the front office . instead, during a meeting that lasted only minutes, team owner told jordan his services were no longer necessary. jordan issued a statement expressing his shock over
we begin we will finish. [ applause ]d the extra $400 per child to american families this year, 2003. all together these tax reductions will help 92 million americans . and a significant part of the benefit to our economy will come within the first two years of the plan. a family of four with an income of $40,000 would receive a 96% reduction in federal income taxes. instead of paying $1,178 per year, the family would pay $45 a year. [ applause ] that means extra money in the family budget year after year. that money can cover a lot of bills. that money can help families with purchases they have been delaying. that money will be in circulation, which will be good for our economy. [ applause ] and this plan will help our small business sector . the benefits of the growth plan will come from uncreased consumer spending and, as importantly, from a lower income tax rates on the small businesses themselves . it is important for our fellow citizens to understand that most small businesses pay their business taxes at the individual rates. most small businesses are sole proprietorships , limited partnerships , are subchapter ss , and, therefore, when you reduce individual tax rates, you benefit small business formation. as a matter of fact, under this plan, some 23 million small business owners will see their taxes cut. which leaves more money for investment, more money for growth, more money for job creation. a growing economy also needs small business investment. and our tax code should encourage investment. today a small business can deduct a maximum of $25,000 in the year in which they buy equipment. we need to triple the amount that can be deducted in the year in which they buy equipment. [ applause ] so i propose to congress that they ought to limit -- limit ought to be increased to $75,000 and that limit ought to be indexed to inflation. by doing so, we promote greater investment in machinery. and when a small business bias machine that enhances their company 's product divty as well as it means machinery manufacturer is likely to have more work available. more investment equals jobs. and what we are interested in in this administration is helping people who look for work find a job. [ applause ] we can also promote economic growth and job creation by removing the double tax on dividends. [ applause ] taxing corporate income once is fair. it is not fair for the federal government to tax the same money twice. the burden of double taxation falls on the millions of individuals who receive dividends. falls especially hard on seniors who receive half of all dividend income. removal of double taxation would put more money in the hands of investors . it would encourage more investment in american businesses . economists say that this plan will help our stock markets, and since half of american families own stock, the reform will help them save and help our economy grow. now, these measures were presented to congress in the first week of this year. the pro growth package was urgent in january. it's even more urgent today. [ applause ] it is important for you all to understand and for our fellow americans to understand the tax relief that i have proposed and will push for until enacted would create -- [ applause ] will create 1.4 million new jobs by the end of 2004. in two years time, this nation has experienced war, a recession and a national emergency. which has caused our government to run a deficit. the best way to reduce the deficit is with more growth in our economy, which means more revenues to our treasury, and less spending in washington, d.c . [ applause ] i am pleased that both the house and senate have passed budget resolutions that show real spending restraint. and now the congress must focus on a robust and effective growth package. we need at least $550 billion in that package because the more tax relief that goes to the american people , the more jobs we will create in this economy. [ applause ] the last few months have been a time of challenge for america . our resolve has been tested. yet we have the great resources of national strength. and national character. to overcome every challenge we face. our confidence an our optimism have never waivered. we are defending the peace of the world . we 're bringing freedom to corners of the world who haven't seen freedom in years. we 're all building the prosperity of our country . this is a unique moment in our history and the american people are rising to meet it. i want to thank each of you for your hard work. i want to thank each of you for the faith you have shown in this country 's future. may god bless you , and may god continue to bless america . [ applause ]
U.S. troops tighten grip on capital, U.S. military criticized for media casualties
U.S . forces tightened their grip throughout Baghdad , entering the city for the first time from the north, seizing a military airport and battling snipers and Republican Guard fighters . Meanwhile, the U.S . military faced sharp criticism over assaults that killed three foreign journalists .
Pentagon officials said Tuesday they didn't know whether Iraqi President Saddam Hussein died in the U.S . airstrike on a Baghdad neighborhood the day before. The strike destroyed three nearby houses and killed at least two people .
U.S . Marines battled snipers as they fought deeper into the capital from the east. They seized the Rasheed Airport and captured enough ammunition for an estimated 3,000 troops . Ominously, they also took a prison where they found U.S . Army uniforms and chemical weapons suits possibly belonging to American POWs .
Some army units routed Iraqi fighters from a Republican Guard headquarters inside the capital . Others discovered a 12-room complex inside a cave , complete with white marble floors and fluorescent lighting.
Members of the U.S . Army 's V Corps opened up a new front by entering Baghdad from the north.
The toll on Iraqi civilians four days after Americans first penetrated the Baghdad outskirts is unknown. But the World Health Organization said Baghdad 's hospitals were running out of supplies to treat the burns, shrapnel wounds and spinal injuries caused by the fighting.
Iraqi officials , however, remained defiant, saying Iraq 's forces would never surrender to American forces : `` They will be burnt,'' said Information Minister Mohammed Saeed al-Sahhaf .
In central Baghdad , a Reuters cameraman and a cameraman for Spain 's Telecinco died when an American tank fired on the Palestine Hotel .
``The incident ... raises questions about the judgment of the advancing U.S . troops who have known all along that this hotel is the main base for almost all foreign journalists in Baghdad ,'' Reuters Editor-in-Chief Geert Linnebank said.
Tareq Ayyoub , a journalist with Al-Jazeera , died when a U.S . warplane bombed the Arab-language satellite television's office . An Abu Dhabi TV office in Baghdad also was hit.
Al-Jazeera categorically denied that its Baghdad bureau had been used by Iraqi forces to fire on U.S . troops . U.S. Central Command said it fired on the TV office and the hotel after U.S . forces came under ``significant'' fire from those buildings .
Associated Press photographer Jerome Delay said he watched from the top floor of the hotel as American tanks took up positions on the bridge . ``All the shooting was concentrated on the bridge and across the river ,'' where U.S . forces were located, he said.
It was not clear whether any Iraqi leader had been killed in the airstrike targeting Saddam in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood . Iraqi rescue workers pulled two bodies from the rubble but said the toll could be as high as 14 .
`` I don't know whether he survived,'' U.S President George W. Bush said of Saddam at a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair . ``The only thing I know is that he 's losing power.''
Iraq 's U.N . ambassador , Mohammed Al-Douri , said Tuesday he believes that Saddam is alive, although al-Douri acknowledged he has not communicated with Baghdad .
Bush and Blair sought to minimize their differences over who should govern and rebuild Iraq . Blair favors a stronger U.N . role than Bush .
``There will be a vital role for the U.N . in the reconstruction of Iraq ,'' Blair said. ``But the key is that Iraq in the end will be run by the Iraqi people .''
In northern Iraq , Kurdish forces tightened their ring around Kirkuk on Tuesday, following heavy coalition airstrikes on Iraqi fronts. Kurdish militia took control of Sekamian plateau , about 10 kilometers (six miles) north of Kirkuk , Kurdish media reported. The area affords a commanding view of the city and the vast oil fields of Iraq 's No. 2 oil region .
An A-10 ``Warthog '' warplane was shot down near Baghdad , believed to be the first fixed-wing aircraft downed by an Iraqi surface-to-air missile since the war began. U.S. Central Command said the pilot ejected, was recovered by ground forces and was in good condition.
A U.S . F-15E jet fighter also went down early Monday and a search was under way for its two- man crew , the military announced Tuesday. Officials did not say whether the plane was shot down or crashed accidentally.
British forces in southern Iraq worked to restore order in the heavily looted streets of Basra , as desperate citizens swarmed water tanker trucks the day after British soldiers claimed Iraq 's second largest city .
British forces also began establishing the country 's first postwar administration Tuesday, granting a local sheik power to set up an administrative committee representing the groups in the region .
France proposes suspending U.N. sanctions against Iraq, a step toward U.S. goal
France on Tuesday proposed immediately suspending U.N . sanctions targeting Iraq civilians , an important step toward the U.S . goal of ending trade embargoes that have crippled the country 's economy.
The surprise move by France , which led opposition to the U.S . war against Iraq , followed last week's call by U.S . President George W. Bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly, so Iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction.
France 's U.N . ambassador , Jean-Marc de La Sabliere , made the proposal at a Security Council meeting where members heard a briefing by chief U.N . weapons inspector Hans Blix and for the first time exchanged views on potentially divisive postwar issues.
The proposal would end the U.N . ban on trade and investment in Iraq while leaving a 12-year-old arms embargo in place.
The Security Council imposed sanctions after Iraq 's 1990 invasion of Kuwait . Under council resolutions, sanctions cannot be lifted until U.N . inspectors certify that Iraq 's nuclear , chemical and biological weapons have been destroyed along with the long-range missiles to deliver them .
Along with France , Russia , Germany and China also strongly opposed the war. But de La Sabliere said before the meeting that Security Council ``must take into account the new realities on the ground.''
Russian Ambassador Sergey Lavrov had said his country is ``not at all opposed to the lifting of sanctions.'' But he said Russia wants U.N . inspectors to certify that Iraq has been disarmed of all weapons of mass destruction, as required under U.N . resolutions.
Asked about the French proposal, he said: `` We are ready to discuss it.''
At another closed-door council meeting later Tuesday, the council was to hear from Benon Sevan , head of the U.N . oil-for-food program, which had been providing food for 60 percent of Iraq 's 24 million people .
France 's de La Sabliere said he also proposed that the council phase out the oil-for-food program, which allowed Iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil provided the money went for humanitarian goods and compensation to victims of the first Gulf War.
``There should be some adjustment with a view of a phasing out of this program,'' de La Sabliere said.
This is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against Iraq .
These include not only Iraq 's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the U.N . role in Iraq now that the fighting is over, control of Iraq 's oil revenue, and lucrative reconstruction contracts.
Blix stressed that council resolutions call for U.N . inspectors to have access to all sites and people in Iraq . He said he told the council that he believes the world would like Iraq 's disarmament confirmed by an international body that has been involved in the country for over 10 years.
The Bush administration , which accused Blix of hindering its drive for international support for the war, has already sent its own teams to Iraq to search for illegal weapons .
``At the moment, the coalition has assumed the responsibilities for disarming Iraq ,'' U.S . Ambassador John Negroponte , said Tuesday when asked whether U.S . teams would work with U.N . inspectors .
He said important scientists had turned themselves in, and the atmosphere had changed which should enable any Iraqi ``to speak more freely and speak without fear of retribution to those who are asking them the questions.''
France 's de La Sabliere said he also proposed that the council ``find practical and pragmatic arrangements'' to coordinate and combine the work of the American teams and the work of U.N . inspectors ``so that the Iraqi disarmament could be internationally verified.''
He told The Associated Press he envisioned sanctions being suspended ``for a couple of months,'' and possibly renewed. He also envisioned U.S . and U.N . inspectors working together. ``And then sanctions could be lifted when a legitimate Iraqi government is in place,'' he said.
In an interview with BBC radio aired Tuesday, Blix said that before the war, the U.S . and Britain appeared to have used ``shaky'' intelligence, including forged documents, in an effort to prove Iraq had banned weapons .
Blix said it was ``very, very disturbing'' that U.S . intelligence failed to identify as fakes documents suggesting Iraq tried to buy uranium from the West African nation of Niger . He told reporters at the United Nations on Tuesday that the contract about ``yellow cake'' uranium ``was more than shaky, it was a fake.''
U.N . inspectors went back to Iraq for the first time in four years in late November and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3{ months of searching. Secretary-General Kofi Annan ordered all U.N . international staff , including the inspectors , to leave Iraq just before the war began on March 20. He has said he expects them to return.
Annan also said Tuesday in Austria that Iraqis should be in charge of their own future and natural resources. He acknowledged that ``the U.N . is being challenged'' but said he expected an agreement on the U.N . role in Iraq in the ``not too distant future.''
today's battles include pictures of the oil field fires in southern iraq . firefighters continue their work at the ramallah oil field . officials say they capped one blaze, leaving only two wells still burning out of 500 oil fields in the area . they say some iraqis who worked in the field before the war already are asking for their jobs back. and these pictures show iraqis running for cover just before u.s . planes dropped a bomb near northern iraq . just as they disappear over the ridge , you can hear the planes and the explosions and then you see the cloud. ask any american marine and they 'll tell you they 'll do anything possible to recover the bodies of fallen comrades . that grim task was carried out by marines engaged in the fierce battle for the city of nasiriyah nasiriyah . aless so vinci is there with the marines .
welcome back. we 're standing by for the white house press briefing. ari fleischer expected to come into the west wing briefing room to brief reporters on a wide variety of subjekts. we 're all getting this note in, this news in from the speech that the homeland security secretary tom ridge is expected to be delivering at the international press club around 1:00 eastern at the top of the hour. we 're expecting that the homeland security secretary will announce the iraqi lawyer who provided information that helped in the rescue op private first class jessica lynch the former p.o.w ., that this iraqi lawyer , who provided the information to u.s . military authority ies has been granted asylum here in the united states , together with his wife and daughter . they 're currently in the washington , d.c . area . an official tells our justice producer terry frieden . so that development important. might get more information from secretary tom ridge when he delivers that speech over at the press club in the next hour. we 'll be monitoring that as well. we also have an update on that disturbing development outside baghdad . about 40 miles or so outside baghdad in fallujah where there was h a shootout between u.s . troops and iraqies who had been demonstrating there . karl penhaul is joining us life on the phone with more. first of all, karl , how many iraqis were killed in that incident?
welcome and good evening, everyone . mike is off tonight. to our top story of the evening -- martha stewart is stepping down as head of her media empire . she announced her decision to vacate her post as chief executive of martha stewart living omnimedia , following word of a federal indictment. in a statement, she says she 's stepping aside in the best interest of the company , but she will stay on the board of directors . stewart pleaded not guilty to a nine-count indictment. the charges include conspiracy to obstruct justice and perjury connected to an insider trading scandal. the government also filed civil charges against her . she is charged with using insider information to bail out of a biotech stock the day before its price tanked, and then trying to cover it up. her stockbroker was also charged. if convicted on all counts, stewart faces up to 30 years in prison and $2 million in fines.
it's with wednesday, march 5 200 3. i 'm wolf blitzer in washington . is the u.s . going to war? if you listen to the from's men it sounds like the battle is about to begin, maybe only days from now. america 's top diplomat laid out the case for war. secretary of state colin powell acted like a prosecutor , pointing out iraq 's failures. over at the pentagon , the military leaders say that troops are ready to fight right now even as they await word of the president 's order, but there is major opposition today, france , germany and russia plan a showdown at theupups in a bid to stop the u.s .'s war machine and their voices of dissent echoed by protestors from australia to egypt to university students right here in the united states . even the vatican voiced concerns today. later this hour i 'll speak exclusively to cardinal pio laghi , the man dismatched by pope john paul ii to persuade president bush to avoid war, but we begin with reports from the united nations , the pentagon and the white house . first to chris burns with news on the president and the secretary of state who switched from diplomacy to talk of war. chris ?
an occasion that marked the formal establishment between our two countries . since then this relationship has grown in importance to us both through good times and bad. both of my generation and britain have special pause to remember the unacceptable sacrifice the russian people made to defeat fascism in the second world war. nothing, not even the fact that our countries became estranged in the war's aftermath, has ever dimmed our memory of the scale of your loss. that experience should continue to inspire us , as we seek to build a more peaceful and secure world . when i visited your country in 1994, i recall saying to president yeltsin that he and i spent most of our lives believing such a visit would never happen. and that i hoped he was as delighted as i was to be proved wrong. i 'm just as delighted now, nine years later, to be able to welcome you here and to learn about the great changes which have occurred in your country since i was there . russia has established itself as our partner and our friend . we work together bilatarily and on the international stage. and we are developing new links all the time in fields of commerce, culture, counterterrorism, energy, education environment. i know you will be seeing evidence of some of this during your visit. mr . president , it is, i believe, a sign of genuine friendship that we are able to have disagreements, but remain firm partners . it is no secret that the significant differences between our two countries earlier this year on how best to handle iraq . but we are now able to look forward together firmly in agreement on the route we have decided in the united nations . although, the tragic loss of british lives today reminds us all of the difficulties to be faced. but as we look ahead, we know that our long-term partnership is of profound importance to both of us . this is clearly evident, if we look beyond the challenges of international politics. in the last few months alone, we have heard the announcements of major investments in russia by british companies . we have also heard a different sign of sir paul mccartney playing to enthusiastic crowds in red square . and we , in turn, have been enthralled by the celebrations of your own city in petersburg . at the same time, work continues to bring the young people of our countries closer together through language, teaching, school exchanges and university programs. we have a vibrant and exciting relationship from which we both derive mass benefit. mr . president , your country is rich --
aol time warner and microsoft are burying the hatchet. allan chernoff live from the new york stock exchange with more. bring us up to speed. aol time warner , of course, our parent company .
exactly in question about that. bill gates and dick parson , the ceos of these two companies , smoking a peace pipe right now. the companies settling a lawsuit. aol time warner ings our corporate parent , will get $750 million from microsoft . the software giant paying to settle charges it used its monopoly power in after to block the aol netscape browser. as part of the deal, microsoft will license its browser to aol for seven years without charging royalties. aol is allowed to collaborate with microsoft on making their interest mess angers work smoothly together.
so, $750 million, that's a whale of a company christmas party. what are they really going to be doing with the money?
a federal appeals court will decide how long dirty bomb suspect jose padilla can be retained and whether he can meet with attorneys . the u.s . attorney says padilla is an enemy combattant and not entitled to counsel. he is accused of attempting to ignite a dirty bomb in this country .
The Augusta Free Press (motto: " Our only agenda is the truth") has a Chris Graham story on a Del . Chap Peterson , D - Fairfax , bill that would require payback by companies lured to Virginia by incentives if they do not stay for five years. The text of HB2898 is here .
Peterson , of course, is a candidate for the Lt. Governor nomination. Graham 's article has the interesting hook of quoting one of Peterson 's rivals , former Congresswoman and State Sen . Leslie Byrne , as approving of the measure because it's "something that I 've been talking about for some time now."
The Virginia Economic Developers Association has not taken a stance on the bill, but the organization 's leadership is expected to meet tomorrow to discuss it. Demanding accountability from economic development is a rare phenomenon. I would expect them to oppose it.
If anybody would like to debate the merits of this proposal or discuss economic development in general, the comment section is open.
PS One of our Bacons Rebellion contributors , Steven Sisson , offers this testimonial: "Without a doubt, The Augusta Free Press is the best thing since sliced bread!" Hey, what's this blog, chopped liver?
If I recall correctly, the last time that Virginia seriously addressed the "incentives" issue was during the Allen administration . The idea then was to peg incentives to performance: If the touted jobs and investment don't materialize, you lose the tax breaks and incentives. By demanding accountability, Peterson 's bill is in the spirit of Virginia 's existing policy, thought perhaps somewhat tougher.
Will Verhrs wrote: "Hey, what's this blog, chopped liver?"
In my estimation, the Bacon's Rebellion blog is nothing more than "Bacon Bits" but don't blog me wrong, because I love bacon bits on salads.
The same might be said of Chap 's condiment-packaged business bill.
Delegate Chap Petersen bill is nothing more than salt and pepper electioneering in the 2005 statewide campaign -- and is probably tied into the Democratic outsourcing clamor and growing threat of more manufacturing plants closing, which John Kerry politically contrived and sensationalized for the 04 presidential run.
Residents throughout the commonwealth of Virginia and the rest of the nation are economically vulnerable due to free trade agreements and the global economy. But both parties are responsible and have voted in favor of those agreements.
Lt. Governor candidate 's Chap Peterson and Leslie Byrne are both good politicians , but need to start thinking outside the box with legislation that will attract and benefit economic growth for the business world and create sustainable workplaces for Virginians .
Will , I agree with your analysis, the VA business community along with a majority of GA members will probably deep-six this 5-year mandatory requirement for compensation due to relocation.
If not bordering on the political ridorkulous (ridiculously dorky), it's just plain ludicrous to believe business owners would agree to a capital investment with strings attached to the businesses health and longevity.
Reward-to-punishment-to-reward maybe good dog training techniques, but it's not very business friendly.
The Commonwealth needs legislation that requires a mandatory Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) within the contractual economic development agreements. The ESOP is itself a corporate finance vehicle that provides monetary incentives with lending institutes , state and federal tax benefits, new capital investment, and most of all, the stock ownership plan increases VA employee capital wealth.
More capital wealth will drive our consumer -base economy through the flipping roof.
But most importantly, how many Virginia businesses will choose to relocate -- or outsource when employee are the corporate stockowners ? And let s say the business has no other choice but to remove to the third world ...
When Virginia 's employees are fully vested in company stock, they will also reap from the profits of lower wages in the global marketplace just like the corporate big boys.
Steve Sisson said: " Lt. Governor candidate 's Chap Peterson and Leslie Byrne are both good politicians ..."
Define what makes a "good politician !" If one defines being on the extreme liberal fringe of the Democart party as good, than Byrne surely qualifies under that label. Peterson is slightly to the right of Byrne , but not by much...
Frankly, I don't consider tax and spend liberals as good politicians . Unfortunately, the Republican Party is also loaded with its share of irresponsible big spenders , but hopefully some of them will be held accountable during the 2005 primary elections. On the other hand, I have yet to see any Democrats challenge incumbents for being fiscally irresponsible.
Accountbility is important. I hope Wilder will return it to Richmond . For years we have seen abuse by 'public-private' partnerships like Richmond Renaissance and now VPAF . I would like to see the bill applied to the shady Broad Street CDA .
More US troops to Iraq as Bush, Blair hold war talks = (PICTURES) = ATTENTION - ADDS details ///
Thousands of fresh US troops headed for Iraq Thursday as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W. Bush discussed the effort to oust Saddam Hussein , which some senior US military officials warn could last months.
About 1,000 soldiers from the US Army 's 173rd Airborne Brigade parachuted into an airfield in a Kurdish -controlled area of northern Iraq , establishing a base through which to bring in more troops and tanks , Pentagon officials said.
And some 12,000 soldiers from the US Army 's 4th Infantry Division , which was supposed to have gone into northern Iraq through Turkey , began flying out of Fort Hood , Texas , Thursday to the region , a military fort spokeswoman told AFP .
The soldiers are to meet up with ships transporting their equipment, which is arriving in Kuwait from the Mediterranean , where it had been idling for weeks on navy ships awaiting Turkey 's decision.
The war in Iraq could last months and require considerable US military reinforcements to assure a victory, the Washington Post reported Thursday, quoting senior US military officials .
Sandstorms, dangerously long supply lines and a recalcitrant enemy "has led to a broad reassessment by some top generals of US military expectations and timelines," the Post reports.
"Tell me how this ends," one senior officer asked the Post .
Most US army commanders believe it is critical to pause the breakneck advance towards Baghdad to secure the supply lines and make sure weapons are operable and troops resupplied after days of powerful sandstorms and damage inflicted by Iraqi attacks, the Post reports.
The Post also quoted Central Intelligence Agency and Pentagon intelligence analysts complaining that Bush officials largely ignored their warning that Iraqi irregular forces would use guerrilla tactics and offer significant resistance.
Publicly US officials have insisted that the war is going according to plan, and the most advanced US forces are currently some 100 kilometers (60 miles) outside of Baghdad .
US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld dismissed worries that there were insufficient forces in the Gulf region if the battle for Baghdad goes wrong.
After briefing US senators on the war, Rumsfeld told reporters that the number of forces "has been increasing and it will continue to do so until it is finished."
Meanwhile Blair arrived in Washington late Wednesday for two days of talks with Bush at the Camp David presidential retreat . Talks were to focus on how to run a post- Saddam Iraq , with Washington resisting a large United Nations role.
Blair faces an uphill battle to win Bush over to giving the UN oversight of a post- Saddam administration , as Washington officials are still angry at Germany , Russia , and especially France , over the failure to secure UN Security Council approval for military action.
Blair and Bush were to hold a joint press conference at 1600 GMT Thursday.
Britain has deployed some 45,000 troops to fight with the more than 250,000 US soldiers lined up against Iraqi troops .
Bush gave a new, stronger warning that the war could become drawn out.
"As they approach Baghdad , our fighting units are facing the most desperate elements of a doomed regime ," Bush told cheering military personnel Wednesday at the Florida headquarters of Central Command , which is running the campaign.
" We cannot predict the final day of the Iraqi regime , but I can assure you -- and I assure the long-suffering people of Iraq -- there will be a day of reckoning for the Iraqi regime , and that day is drawing near," he said.
At the last minute, Bush withdrew a phrase in his speech saying the campaign was "ahead of schedule." A senior administration official said the president had decided to be cautious.
Bush pointedly paid tribute to the 48- nation " coalition of the willing" -- particularly Britain -- that is publicly backing the campaign.
Separately, US Secretary of State Colin Powell emphasized US determination to pursue the military campaign despite the diplomatic pressure Washington faces at the United Nations .
" We are interested in concluding this conflict, not having a pause right now or stopping right now, but concluding this as quickly as possible so we can get on with the rebuilding of Iraq and putting in place a better system of governance," Powell said in an interview with the Al-Jazeera Arab television network .
Powell , the most moderate member of the Bush cabinet , said he fully agreed with the president 's policy on Iraq and had no plans to leave.
"Personally, I 'm very much in sync with the president and he values my services," he said in an interview with National Public Radio .
Meanwhile the Wall Street Journal reported that several British and US oil companies have quietly advised US and British forces on how oil fields operate so they could safeguard the fields in Iraq .
The companies , including Britain 's BP PLC and the Texas -based Boots and Coots International Well Control Inc ., were not paid for their consultations, but allied military engineers said their advice was critical.
several news organizations have filed for -- their reporters had with scott peterson . peterson was arrested for the murder of his wife and unborn son after their bodies washed ashore in california . he is awaiting trial. prosecutors are required to notify anyone if their phone conversations may be used as evidence. peterson 's phones were tapped under a court order.
Apparently Jason Giambi , recently the non-playing and "sick" first baseman of the New York Yankees , admitted to a Grand Jury that he "injected anabolic steroids and human growth hormone ( H GH) as recently as 2003. And he apparently got them thru BALCO and (surprise) the same guy that is Barry Bonds ' trainer , once Greg Anderson .
Since that Grand Jury testimony was given, Giambi repeatedly denied using any steroids, H GH, or anything else to anyone and everyone that would listen.
Jason 's brother Jeremy also admitted to the grand jury that he used steroids.
Now, Barry is denying he 's done any steroids and Gary Sheffield 's denying he 's done any steroids, but one by one , the lesser (and bigger) players in this deal are seeing their testimony coming into the the public eye where they admitted that they DID do steroids. It seems that anyone associated with this special " trainer " Greg Anderson is coming up dirty.
It's a good thing that Major League Baseball has such a tough steroid policy, or this story may not have been brought to our attention. (cough...cough...sarcasm...cough).
Never mind if the steroids and human growth hormones were illegal in baseball or not. They are illegal to use in the United States . I want to know where the Federal criminal charges against all parties involved are. Anyone ?
The fact that these guys ( Sheff , the Giambis , Marion Jones , Bonds and many others ) are running around denying this shit and acting like Pete Rose did any time someone asked him about gambling (getting uber defensive, denying it implicitly and acting like the person asking had personally assaulted him ) is appalling. These clowns are messing with people 's careers by insisting they 're being lied about, yet when it turns out the reporters weren't lying and the athletes were, nothing is done.
I have never denied that Barry Bonds was a special and gifted athlete . Whether it's steroids, H GH, crank, lighter fluid or antifreeze he 's using, being able to perform at this level for this length of time defies logic or reason. That's why it's a shame that, in the final analysis, all of Bonds ' numbers and accomplishments are going to be ignored and lumped into the statement "yeah, but he was on steroids." It's a pity he and the others are too dumb to see that.
And now, just so you don't think that every entry in this blog will be like the one above, here's a great joke I read today:
A man takes his Rottweiler to the vet and says, " My dog's cross-eyed, is there anything you can do for him? "
"Well," says the vet , "let' s have a look at him."
So he picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then checks his teeth.
Finally, the vet says " I 'm going to have to put him down."
I will be breaking down the SEC championship game either later today or tomorrow, so I expect you all to be planted firmly on the edge of your seats waiting for that one.
Shiites openly mark Mohammed's birthday in Iraq as lawlessness still reigns = (PICTURES) =
Shiite Muslims in Iraq Monday celebrated openly for the first time in decades Prophet Mohammed 's birthday, as continuing anarchy and chaos threatened to undermine US efforts to rebuild the war-ravaged country .
Meanwhile coalition officials in Iraq insisted plans for an Iraqi government were still on track and Russia hinted that a compromise could be imminent on a UN draft resolution to lift economic sanctions on Iraq .
Thousands of Iraq 's majority Shiite Muslims marched to their main mosque in Baghdad to mark the birthday of Islam's founder Prophet Mohammed .
Shiites , who celebrate the birthday a week later than Sunni Muslims , were forbidden to publicly mark the date under the regime of Saddam Hussein 's Sunni -dominated regime .
The crowd filled the street leading to the Kazimiya mosque in the northeast of Baghdad and carried banners in the green color of Islam, calling for good government .
"No to injustice," "No to occupation," "No to Israel ," "Yes to Islam," chanted the demonstrators as speeches began from a platform .
Imam Mohammad al-Fartussi , who last week threatened violence against "sinful" women , alcohol vendors and cinemas showing "indecent" films, offered praise for the fall of Saddam and called Iraq "the land of imams ... land of Islam."
The demonstration came as Iraq 's top US overseer Paul Bremer began his second week on the job amid continuing lawlessness in the country .
In his frenzied first seven days, the telegenic Bremer repeatedly promised to restore the law and order that crumbled along with Saddam Hussein 's regime nearly six weeks ago.
But despite issuing a host of tough decrees, Bremer has failed to stem the rampant crime and street violence plaguing the country .
Despite a security crackdown over the weekend in Baghdad and an announcement that some 7,000 policemen had returned to their jobs since the end of the war, ordinary Iraqis still felt unsafe on the street with gunfire rife and police a near invisible presence.
In Baghdad , almost all the police stations have been destroyed or looted since US troops took control of the capital on April 9. Only two have so far reopened, and they have no equipment whatsoever. Baghdad 's top police job remains vacant.
And a trip to Baghdad 's looter market only bears witness to the fact that criminals are ruling the roost in the post- Saddam era.
Packed with the piles of stolen goods picked up during the frenzy of theft that followed the collapse of Saddam 's regime , the traders deal in everything from computers and stereos to furniture and weapons .
Jalal Jamil , a 45-year-old jewellery store owner , said the situation just keeps getting worse. "The Americans encourage people to steal because when looting happens right under their noses they do nothing," he said.
Bremer has also been criticized for backing away from an earlier US timeline on forming a government in Iraq , but US -led coalition officials Monday insisted government plans were still on track.
" We want to have an Iraqi voice in everything we do here but it would be wrong to do that precipitously," said a source at the Organisation of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance ( ORHA ), which is administering post-war Iraq .
Officials from Iraqi groups that met with Bremer last week have said that he back peddled on what they said were earlier pledges to give them a lead role in forming a new interim government in the next few weeks.
" We understand that they want to have as much power as possible but we told them : ' You won't be directly elected, you won't have any direct experience of government ," the source said.
"'Of course you will have input into the government but, since you are not directly elected, it would be a nonsense for you to have direct executive power,' the source said.
"The last thing we want is to leave a bunch of self-appointed oligarchs in power," the source said.
The comments came on the same day that a prominent Iraqi called for internationally-supervised elections in Iraq .
Adnan Pachachi , a onetime foreign minister who returned to Iraq on May 6 after 33 years in exile, told the independent Az-Zaman daily that elections should be held under international supervision.
An interim government should create an election code and laws to clear the way for direct elections to a constituent assembly , that would draw up a constitution, Pachachi said.
A referendum on the constitution would lead to elections for a new government , the 80-year-old Pachachi told the daily .
On the diplomatic front, a top Russian official said Monday that the UN Security Council would likely vote this week on a US - British draft resolution to lift economic sanctions placed on Iraq in 1990 after its invasion of Kuwait and to place its oil riches under coalition control for at least a year.
"An updated text of the document may already be published today and may be put to a vote this week," Deputy Foreign Minister Yury Fedotov told ITAR-TASS news agency .
Yet Fedotov did not say whether Russia would back the resolution, which diplomats have been revising since the United States , Britain and Spain first submitted it more than a week ago.
Russia "will vote depending on what the resolution text turns out to be," he said.
With billions of dollars in oil and debt interests in Iraq , Russia has been anxious to secure UN involvement before supporting the resolution.
Australia announced the creation Monday of an expert panel to help Iraq protect its rich cultural heritage and assist Interpol in recovering looted ancient artefacts.
we turn now to an iraqi -- first of all, before we tell you about this story, we were going to, these are live pictures from baghdad . there's been some activity in the last few moments. looks like tracer fire we 're looking at, anti-aircraft guns firing at what they sense is some sort of threat coming from the skies. baghdad has had sporadic episodes of this tonight. no major explosions we 're aware of, but just, apparently, in the last few moments, there has been activity. you can see it there just now. we 've been reporting, the city has begun to see its electricity turned back on. we don't know that all ofist is back, but at least some of it is. we also know that 12 miles southwest of the city , coalition forces remain largely in control of what was formerly saddam hussein international airport , now renamed by the coalition baghdad international airport . but the coalition is quick to point out that they do not have control of the area immediately surrounding the airport . again, this is -- these are live pictures of baghdad , where it is well into the night. we 're, of course, going to keep monitoring the situation there and bring you up to speed on anything we learn.
judith nathan will wake up tomorrow the wife of rudy giuliani . the couple is preparing to tie the knot at gracie mansion in new york tonight. mayor michael bloomberg will perform the ceremony. hundreds have been invited and placido domgo will provide the music. more top stories at the top of the hour. now back to "next@cnn."
15 dead as suicide bomber blasts student bus, Israel hits back in Gaza
HAIFA , Israel , March 5 ( AFP ) - Fifteen people were killed and more than 30 wounded Wednesday as a suicide bomber blew himself up on a student bus in the northern town of Haifa , the first bombing in Israel in exactly two months.
Several hours later, dozens of Israeli tanks advanced into the northern Gaza Strip backed by helicopters which fired at least three rockets in the Jabaliya area , Palestinian security sources said.
Palestinian medical sources said 60-year-old Mohammed al-Biyari was killed in his home near Jabaliya refugee camp by the rocket fire and another wounded.
A second rocket landed in farmlands and the other hit a house inside the refugee camp , but without causing further casualties, Palestinian security sources said.
Two 13-year-old children were among those killed in the Haifa bus bombing, Israeli public radio said, adding that most of the victims were youngsters . The army said two soldiers were also among the dead .
The bus was ripped to shreds while travelling between a residential area and Haifa university . Of the 33 injured still in hospital late Wednesday, two were in intensive care and six others in serious condition, the radio said.
Israel 's night-time raid in Gaza involving around 40 tanks and armoured vehicles came after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon convened his security cabinet to discuss a response to the bomb attack.
Israeli media said the retaliation was unlikely to be on a scale that would risk disrupting US preparations for war on Iraq .
The Palestinian suicide bomber on the Haifa bus came from the southern West Bank town of Hebron , public radio said, naming him as 20-year-old Mahmoud Hamadan Salim Qawasmi .
Apart from his ID card, also found in the wreckage were the remains of a letter allegedly outlining his plan to carry out a suicide attack and praising the September 2001 destruction of the World Trade Centre in New York , it said.
Israeli police were not immediately available for comment, but Palestinian sources in Hebron said Mahmoud Qawasmi was a 21-year-old student with links to the Islamic radical group Hamas .
Israeli forces moved into Hebron 's Al-Sheikh district where his family lived and arrested Qawasmi 's brother and father after the bombing, they said.
Without claiming responsibility, Hamas and another hardline group , Islamic Jihad , said the blast was revenge for a string of bloody Israeli army raids into the Gaza Strip in recent weeks.
But the Palestinian Authority condemned the attack, saying it would divert international sympathy away from the far higher Palestinian civilian death toll.
" We condemn all attacks against civilians including today's attack in Haifa ," said information minister Yasser Abed Rabbo .
The Palestinian leadership said the attack would serve as "a pretext for Israel 's government and occupation army to step up its deadly campaign which caused the deaths of 77 Palestinians in February".
It was the first bomb attack inside Israel since January 5, and came just days after the hawkish Sharon appointed the most right-wing government in Israel 's history on a pledge to get tough on security.
In the January attack, two Palestinian suicide bombers blew themselves up in central Tel Aviv , killing 23 other people .
Israeli government spokesman Avi Pazner called the latest deadly blast a "very grave attack" and said the Jewish state would take "vigorous action against the terrorist organisations ".
He told AFP that Israeli intelligence had been dealing with at least 40 tip-offs of impending attacks when the Haifa bus was blown up.
US President George W. Bush condemned the "attack on innocents in Israel ," White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said, adding that " his message to the terrorists is: Their efforts will not be succcessful.
" He will continue to pursue the path to peace in the Middle East ."
EU foreign policy supremo Javier Solana likewise slammed the attack, although he also took a jab at Israel , saying, "There have been too many civilians killed in the last weeks and the last days."
In London , a spokesman for the British prime minister said Tony Blair "condemns absolutely what has happened".
The spokesman added that he "would obviously call on all sides to do what they can to break the cycle of violence, because it is only through engagement that we can realise the vision everyone wants to see.
"There needs to be dialogue in order for this to be resolved."
The bus attack came just two days after Israeli forces staged a bloody raid into a refugee camp in central Gaza targeting a founding member of Hamas , which has spearheaded suicide bombings against the Jewish state .
Hamas vowed to continue its attacks, while the Palestinian Authority accused Israel of trying to disrupt top-level Palestinian meetings to discuss reforms of Arafat 's administration .
Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erakat said international intervention was needed to break the cycle of violence.
Eight people , including a pregnant woman and a 13-year-old child were killed in Monday's Gaza raid, provoking US -led international calls for Israeli restraint.
And on Tuesday, Israeli troops shot dead an elderly Palestinian shepherd outside a Jewish settlement on the edge of Gaza City .
In the West Bank , an eight-year-old Palestinian boy as well as his brother and a sister were wounded late Wednesday by Israeli gunfire in a village north of the town of Ramallah , their elder sister said.
welcome back. we 're following another important story in washington , d.c ., involving the federal government 's investigation of al qaeda operations in the united states . our justice correspondent kelli arena has details, she 's joining us live, kelli ?
reporter : wolf , the government will announce a plea agreement that was reached with an ohio truck driver who allegedly has ties to al qaeda , and the driver 's name is iman ferris, and according to government sources al qaeda leader , khaled sheikh mohammed told investigators that ferris 's order to surveil the brooklyn bridge was the ultimate goal of trying to cut the suspension bridge 's cables and he was involved in a plot to drive a truck loaded with explosives onto an airport tarmac to blow up a plane . obviously, neither plan came off. ferris disappeared from sight, and cnn has confirmed he was taken into custody. the documents regarding this case, wolf , were just unsealed he pled guilty to two counts back on may 1st, because of the extreme sensitivity of the case, details about the plea arrangement were kept under seal. we are told he pled guilty to conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and actually providing material support
So far, the Yukos auction has produced more questions than answers, and so far the biggest of the former is just who made off with their prize assets. Auctioneers reported a $9.3 billion winning bid for Yuganskneftgaz -- the company 's main asset , worth two to three times that amount -- by an anonymous company located in Tver . Well, sort of. It turns out the anonymous company , BaikalFinansGroup , shares an address with OOO Tverneftemash , which was recently bought by ZAO Gazpromgeocomservice , not to ever be confused by the similarly-named Gazprom ( which by the way has a similar logo). Gazprom , of course, is the gigantic, Kremlin -supported gas company most observers assumed would bid for the assets. There aren't many groups in Russia who can afford a $9.3 billion bet, particularly when it's such a politically-weighted one. Gazprom may have arranged some last-minute debt financing, or might have an outside partner , but I seriously doubt they weren't in some way involved with the company that won the auction.
services and tributes for two political figures who died this week. a funeral today for lester maddox who died wednesday. he was a segrationist who once closed a restaurant he owned rather han serve african-americans . and maynard jackson lies in state today at his allah matter . he died monday at the age of 65. jimmy carter spoke yesterday at a tribute for jackson . former president bill clinton expect to attend the funeral tomorrow.
good evening. welcome, everyone . mike galanos is off tonight. our top story -- eric robert rudolph has officially said he didn't do it. he pleaded not guilty to bombing a birmingham women 's clinic in 1998. the suspected serial bomber appeared in a federal courthouse tuesday afternoon. he is also suspected in three atlanta - area bombings. north carolina authorities say rudolph opened up to them about his five years on the run. he says he hunted wild animals, searched the trash for food, and covered himself with leaves to make it through the winters.
An explosion in a cafe at one of the capital 's busiest intersections killed one woman and injured another Tuesday, police said.
Police were investigating the cause of the explosion in the restroom of the multistory Crocodile Cafe in the commercial district of Kizilay during the morning rush hour. The blast shattered walls and windows in the building .
Police recovered the body of a woman from the debris of the restroom and carried it away in a bodybag.
News reports suggested that the woman may have been a suicide bomber or may have died when the bomb she was planting exploded prematurely, but police and interior ministry officials refused to confirm the reports.
Ankara police chief Ercument Yilmaz visited the site of the morning blast but refused to say if a bomb had caused the explosion.
`` Our colleagues are carrying out inspections,'' he said. There was no information on the identity of the injured person .
It was not clear how many people were in the cafe at the time of the blast.
The explosion comes a month after a bomb exploded at a McDonald's restaurant in Istanbul , causing damage but no injuries.
Radical leftist, Kurdish and Islamic groups are active in the country and have carried out bombings in the past.
Court suspends independent paper for publishing letters deemed religiously inflammatory
A state security court suspended a newspaper critical of the government Saturday after convicting it of publishing religiously inflammatory material, the newspaper 's lawyer said.
The Khartoum Monitor may not appear for two months and must pay a fine of 1 million Sudanese pounds (about US$400), lawyer Ngor Olang Ngor told The Associated Press . Failure to pay the fine would result in a two-month extension of the suspension.
The sentence was the latest in a series of state actions against the Monitor , the only English language daily in Sudan and a leading critic of conditions in the south of the country , where a civil war has been waged for 20 years.
Ngor said the paper would pay the fine but it would also appeal the verdict.
The court ruling stated that the verdict and sentence would be submitted to the National Press Council , a government -appointed body , for approval, Ngor said.
The secretary general of the National Press Council , Hashim el-Jazz , did not answer repeated calls to his cell phone on Saturday.
The court convicted the paper of violating article 25 of the Press Law, which prohibits the publication of material that defames religion or incites religiously unacceptable activity.
The charges arose from letters-to-the- editor published last month that dealt with religion. One letter claimed that alcohol was not prohibited by Islam.
Earlier this week, security police detained the Monitor 's managing editor , Nhial Bol , for 24 hours. On his release, he was charged with incitement of public discord for publishing the letters.
Sudan has an Islamic-orientated government and a substantial Christian minority .
In a separate action against the Monitor , security officials went to its editorial offices on Thursday night and told the management that it was being closed until it paid a fine of 15 million Sudanese pounds (about US$6,000) that was outstanding from a court conviction last year.
The Monitor did not appear Friday and its offices were closed.
In last year's trial, the paper was convicted of defaming the government for publishing that trains running to and from southern Sudan were used to transport abducted women and children .   mk-jbm
the intifada, the spontaneous 1987 palestinian uprising against the israeli occupation, heralded the rise of the muslim fundamentalism. in what had been a mostly secular palestinian movement. the most popular of these groups hamas , an acronym for islamic resistance movement. in english it means zeal, its aim -- the destruction of israel .
hamas is an islamic movement. at the very beginning, it was encouraged by israel because they thought it was a counter weight to palestinian nationalism which is, of course, a secular movement.
hamas was founded in 1988 by a blind paraplegic cleric who was influenced by the islamic muslim brotherhood , with backing from israel , he set up sharities in the improverished strip in the 1970s.
slowly it became more and more politicized, and more and more extreme in its demands for an islamic state .
the extremism took the form of suicide bombings and terrorist attacks. but hamas had already become an important part of palestinian society through its charity work and its influence increased over time by providing community services when the palestinian authority did not.
hamas plays on the palestinian authority 's failure to produce. its basic message, the palestinian authority is corrupt, it fails to deliver, hamas is not corrupt. hamas cares about the person on the street and it does deliver. unfortunately, those same charitable organizations , those same charity committees that funnel the funds to needier palestinians , also serve to support terrorist attacks.
israel and the united states say arafat has not been tough enough on terrorism, and have attempted to force him out of the current peace process. the prime minister known as abu mazen must now contend with the rejection of side by side palestinian and israeli states . a cornerstone of the new peace plan. he 's trying to get hamas to co- exist with israel . conservative israelis are skeptical.
he is not working against hamas , he is working in tandem. he is negotiating with them . he is not telling them to disband and regulate their weapons , so i have no faith in the ability of abu mazen to put terror aside.
reporter : settlers call the just concluded israeli - american - palestinian summit a surrender, and were not impressed.
translator : the armed intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the palestinians , and the israelis , and to establish the palestinian state .
hamas and other palestinian militant group rejected abbas ' call to end their attacks with a deadly raid on an israeli army outpost in gaza .
we are all saying that the resistance will continue despite the summit in aqaba .
israel retaliated on hamas , namely al-rantissi , it missed him and killed civilians .
translator : hamas will not drop our weapons , even if all leaders are assassinated.
reporter : since the second intifada began in 2000, over 700 israelis have been killed, during the same time there have been more than 2,000 palestinian deaths according to the red crescent . including hamas leaders targeted for assassination.
if you want an end to terrorism, if you want an end to violence, you have to give people hope and you have to give them a stake in the political process. i think that hamas is ready to join the political process, however, if the only price for the political price is you must fight hamas , if that's what they are requiring abu mazen to do, they are almost mandating that he will fail.
the main test of mahmoud abbas , will be to establish an overall command of all armed groups , if not, it doesn't have a chance. you know, leaders have to do things
We know that some of the American troops now fighting in Iraq are longtime veterans of warfare, probably not most , but some . Their military service goes back to the Vietnam era. Others , though, are novices . So what is it like for them to face combat far from home ? For an idea, here is CNN 's Candy Crowley with some war stories. 
 CANDY CROWLEY , CNN SR. POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over) 
This is a messy business. There's nothing very pretty about the training that you take to prepare you for combat, because it is to kill people .
In the spring of 1970, a squad of U.S . soldiers spotted a small unit of Viet Cong that had been circling for days. Staff Sergeant Tom Ridge opened fire. A Viet Cong soldier dropped dead. (on camera): Did you at the time or have you since looked back and pondered on killing someone ?
That's one of those introspective times where it's just -- it's just an introspective time, not a public time.
Duke Cunningham was a Vietnam fighter ace shooting down five enemy planes . After his first , he returned to a ship deck full of sailors and crew cheering, shaking his hand, pushing in to slap his back.
And one of the guys looked at me and says: Duke , what's it like to kill somebody ? And, all of a sudden, bang, it just hit me . You don't think about those things. And it's removed. It's far off. It's not in close. And I went to the priest , because it bothered me . I knew I could do it again. But I didn't know it was going to bother me as much as it did. And it still does.
Of all the wounds time does not heal, the ones that fester deep in the soul are the wounds you inflict.
It's not something that civilized people do. You don't -- it's just not -- it's not a matter of being tormented, but troubled in the sense that that's not what we do, unless we 're called upon to do it, under the most extreme set of circumstances.
War may sometimes be a necessary thing, but it can never be a natural thing. Training bridges that gap. Sergeant Chuck Hagel was seriously wounded twice in Vietnam .
You are trying to kill people , because the alternative is, if you are in combat, you will be killed. So your choices are not varied. It's very simple. And so you do what you 're trained to do. You do what you 're there to do. And, in Vietnam , it was body count.
Training is what keeps you running toward the front while trucks loaded with dead bodies pass you , going the other way.
It's hard to explain what training can do. Training sets your mind to respond not to common sense and judgment, but to training. You really don't have time to think: I 'm going the wrong way. I should be going the other way.
Later, when he was wounded and trapped behind enemy lines in Korea , Staff Sergeant Charlie Rangel led 40 men , fighting their way to safety. He won a Bronze Star.
If you 're killing people , it's out of fear, not really, in my opinion, out of bravery. Nobody is looking for medals. Everyone wants to live another day.
Don't misunderstand. Rangel , Cunningham , Ridge and Hagel are all proud, decorated combat veterans . It's just, a decade later, killing still troubles the soul. Maybe that's a good thing. (on camera): Did you do it again?
I did. I shot down four more MiGs . And I often told myself -- I said that, if I ever get used to this, I shouldn't be here .
Remarkable interviews and a reminder that what these men and women are going through right now in Iraq , they will remember for the rest of their lives. That's our coverage this hour.
there's some shocking new information about the life of john f. kennedy , both before and during his days in the white house . the revelations are part of a just published biography about the 35th president . our jonathan karl takes a look inside the pages.
reporter : the revelations about kennedy 's alleged affair with an intern make up just a couple lines in historian robert dowd 's 700-plus page biography. the information comes from a single source, an interview with a former kennedy staffer who says she does not remember the intern 's last game. although he finds the reports of kennedy 's womanizing credible, he believes new information about kennedy 's health problems is more significant. jfk 's public image was one of youthful vigor but in truth he battled serious medical problems his entire life. twice before becoming president he was so sick, a priest was brought in to give him last rites. while researching his new book on jfk , dallic uncovered previously sealed medical records that detailed the ek tent of his medical troubles and the lengths he went to conceal them from the public . there are many stories about politicians who used political influence to get out of military conflict. but dallic shows he youed his family 's influence to get into the navy just as america was on the verge of world war ii. in 1941, he flunked two military medical exams. his powerful father intervened, getting yet another exam. reading the report of his exam, one would think he never had a serious physical problem in his life. it was a complete whitewash that would never have been possible without his father 's help. kennedy entered the navy earning hero status for saving his ship mates when his boat pt-109 was sunk by the japanese . dallek says kennedy 's brushes with death, combined with his t deaths of his sister and brother , fueled the ambition to led him to become the youngest person elected president in american history. kennedy told a friend before he entered politics, you 've got to live every day like it's your last day on earth . that's what i 'm doing. jonathan karl , cnn , washington .
and we 'll have much more on this story coming up later today on "wolf blitzer reports." the biographer will be among my guests later today 5:00 p.m. eastern, 2:00 p.m. pacific. the vice president dick cheney is now speaking in washington at a luncheon honoring the secretary of defense, donald rumsfeld , the vice president will be presenting the jimmy doolittle award to the secretary of defense. we 'll be monitoring to hear what both of them have to say. we 'll have some coverage of that coming up. but up next, andrew jackson is getting a makeover of sorts. and it's all in the name of fighting crime. we 'll
At first, I was pretty skeptical of Gmail -- an announcement of something new, cool, and free, from a quirky company , on April Fool's Day? Turns out my initial attitude wasn't justified, of course, and Gmail has been a popular success. Just this weekend, Google gave many users another fifty invitations , prompting some to speculate that it could be the start of Gmail's final move out of beta. Their marketing was absolutely brilliant: Simply through association with Google , and because of the invitation-only membership, they created a product with instant cachet -- something so in demand invitations went for $50 on eBay , and one enterprising site even offered a kidney for an invite. And now? Everyone who wants a Gmail account has one, and yet people with invites have an almost pathological desire to give them away. It's been nearly a year, the service is nearly ubiquitous, and somehow Google has kept us obsessed with Gmail.
This post has been removed by a blog administrator .
we 're getting late word tonight that geraldo rivera may not be be kicked out of iraq after all. originally the central command said the veteran fox news correspond was being expelled because he compromised the location of the unit he 's been embedded with. now a spokesman from the central command is saying and i 'm quoting "frankly, we have bigger and more important things to do." during a live broadcast geraldo drew a map in the sand showing the location of the unit in relation to baghdad . says he 's not aware he 's being expelled but says if so, it is because some bitter former colleagues of his at msnbc blew the whistle on him .
it sounds to me like some rats at my former network , nbc , are spreading some lies about me . you know, they can't compete fair and square on the battlefield so they 're trying to stab me in the back. it is not first time.
the central command on the other hand says rivera is being kicked out of iraq because " he gave away the big picture stuff." all of this now under review, whether or not geraldo stays or goes. we 'll continue to monitor that front on the store yix another veteran war correspondent is being fired for his controversial conduct in iraq . nbc is terminating freelancer reporter peter arnett for statements he made to the iraqi media . we showed you the statements yesterday. he said the coalition 's first war plan had failed because of iraqi resistance. today he appeared on on nbc 's "today" show and said he was sorry.
i want to apologize to the american people for clearly making a misjudgment over the weekend by giving an interview to iraqi television . now, i said in that interview essentially what we all know about the war, there have been delays in implementing policy, there has been surprises. but clearly by giving that interview to iraqi television , i created a firestorm in the united states . and for that i am truly sorry.
arnett had been covering the war for national geographic , which also fired him as tv reports were given exclusively to nbc and msnbc . late word from london that the tabloid the daily mirror just hired peter arnett to be its correspondent in baghdad . but the question remains did peter arnett and geraldo rivera cross the line? or were they within their rights as reporters ? we posed that question to michael wolf , a contributing editor for " new york" magazine , a media columnist , an important article in the new issue of "new york." he 's joining us now live from qatar . what do you say to the question, michael ?
a palestinian terrorist leader wanted for a deadly 1985 cruise ship hijacking is in u.s . custody in iraq . u.s . sources tell cnn mohammed "abu" abbas was captured about 50 miles west of baghdad . palestinian sources say he had tried to flee into syria , but was turned away at the border . in october of 1985, four hijackers under his command took over the italian cruise ship " achille lauro " and killed a wheelchair - bound american tourist , leo klinghoffer . abbas was convicted in absentia by an italian court and sentenced to five life terms in prison .
North Korea nuclear bombshell sparks alarm, appeals for calm by Charles Whelan = (PICTURE, GRAPHIC) =
US allegations that North Korea admitted to possessing nuclear weapons triggered alarm across Asia Friday and prompted appeals for calm from world capitals .
The admission, according to US sources , came during three-day talks in Beijing which concluded Friday, the first meeting between US and North Korean officials since the nuclear crisis erupted six months ago.
China expressed hopes that both sides would keep the dialogue alive while officials in Moscow and London called for patience in resolving the complex impasse.
South Korea and Japan were cautious, with Seoul Foreign Minister Yoon Young-Kwan saying if the North Koreans were telling the truth, it would represent a "major" threat to peace in Northeast Asia .
US sources with authoritative knowledge of the Beijing meetings said the head of the North Korean delegation Li Gun had confirmed to US envoy James Kelly that the Stalinist state had developed nuclear weapons and hinted it may sell or use them , depending on US actions.
" They said what we always knew, that they do have weapons ," one US source said. "That doesn't shock us , we have been saying it. Now they have said it."
Li also told Kelly that North Korea had gone ahead with reprocessing 8,000 spent fuel rods at its Yongbyon plant , which could produce enough weapons grade plutonium for several more nuclear bombs , said the sources who requested anonymity.
An angry US President George W. Bush accused Pyongyang of reverting to blackmail following the nuclear admission and North Korea fired back with a charge that Washington had rejected a "bold" plan to resolve the six-month-old impasse.
The outcome of the talks plunged financial markets into freefall in Seoul with analysts saying they saw no sign of a recovery any time soon.
Despite the leaked details about the meetings, US officials publicly declined to confirm any of North Korea 's announcements, with US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher saying comments made by North Koreans "require careful analysis."
China , playing host to the talks, tried to put a positive spin on the talks which Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing said signified "a good beginning."
" We hope that all sides can continue to make efforts to peacefully resolve the Korean nuclear issue," Li was quoted by the official Xinhua news agency as saying.
He said Korean nuclear issue was "very complicated and sensitive," but the key was to "not mind the other side 's rhetoric," but "pay attention to its actions."
A top Russian foreign ministry official called for patience and Britain 's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw echoed the call in a BBC radio interview.
Kelly , the US assistant secretary for East Asia and Pacific Affairs, arrived in Seoul from Beijing Friday to brief Yoon , the foreign minister .
"If it is true that North Korea possesses nuclear weapons , this would be a major breach of peace on the Korean peninsula as well as in Northeast Asia ," said Yoon .
Kelly , who declined to talks to reporters here , travels to Tokyo Sunday for talks with Japanese officials . He has made no public comments so far on the Beijing talks.
However US Secretary of State Colin Powell said the talks had featured "strong views" on all sides and insisted that the United States would not bow to blackmail, threats or "bellicose statements."
North Korea , in its first official comment on the outcome of the talks, accused Washington of ruling out Pyongyang 's "bold" plan for peace while offering nothing new itself .
A North Korean foreign ministry spokesman , quoted by the official Korean Central News Agency , made no reference to the reports that North Korea had admitted to possessing nuclear weapons .
"At the talks the DPRK ( North Korea ) set forth a new bold proposal to clear up bilateral concerns of the DPRK and the US , and the parties concerned with the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula , at the same time," the unnamed official was quoted as saying.
"The US , however, repeated its old assertion that the DPRK should 'scrap its nuclear program before dialogue' without advancing any new proposal at the talks."
The official did not disclose what North Korea 's bold plan was.
Former Senator Chuck Robb hasn't been heard from lately. Parade magazine reminds us today that he 's a co-chair of the Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United States Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction . They will report on March 31. I suspect Rob will speak out after that date, although much of the Committee 's report will be classified.
Virginia is blessed to have so many respected foreign policy and security policy public servants , past and present.
Good old Chuck Robb ... I assume everyone on here has seen "The Perfect Candidate"? Quite a treat.
Conglomerates are a fascinating species : The standard definition is 'a company involved in multiple unrelated businesses' but the more accurate definition would be 'a company that relies on financial pyrotechnics, balance sheet juggling, and adroit accounting to create the illusion of growth'. I love to write about them , but I 'd hate to own one , since most of their market value comes from the market's assumption that the company 's leaders will somehow find a way to retroactively justify their overvaluation. Usually, it doesn't work, but when it does the results can be spectacularly entertaining. For a while (see Ling-Temco-Vought or Tyco for details).
The recent rumors about WalMart 's plans to buy out a shipping company have given rise to the fear that the company may go the conglomerate route. They have many of the symptoms of a late-stage conglomerate : A gigantic main business with slowing growth, fear that competition will substantially reduce the profitability of their main business, a shareholder base that includes many people who own only WalMart stock (thus providing another incentive for intracompany diversification), and enough resources to pull it off on a grand scale.
I can understand the concerns, but I don't see the motivation. As a retailer of just about everything, WalMart can expand into some pretty broadly-defined areas without going beyond either their core competencies or some arenas where they can cut costs. After all, adding some international shipping assets to their holdings would be a natural extension of their enormously successful practice of buying the distribution network for their products. They 're coming close to Smithfield Food 's very successful 'squeal to meal' policy; if these rumors are true, the result for shareholders will be a pretty positive one.
Iraqis Mistakenly Believe Soldiers Have Sights on Sacred Landmark
Wolf , we 're going to break in here, because the parents of Jessica Lynch , who live in Palestine , West Virginia , are before the microphones, I 'm told, just about to talk with reporters . They 're walking toward the press. Let' s listen.
Good afternoon. We appreciate y'all coming out for what you 're doing for Jessie and all of the other troops that are missing. We 've been waiting all day word from the doctors , and they have successively done one surgery on her . There will be other surgeries to do that. It's going to take time and patience.
We talked to her before the surgery, we talked to her after the surgery, and she 's doing good. Can't you think?
Yes, a bunch, but my mind's blank. The doctor has completed one surgery on her back. They have released the pressure on a nerve, and realigned all the disks and put plates and stuff in it, and that was because she didn't have any feeling in her feet. So he , he 's pretty sure right now that that will relieve, relieve the tension, and her feet will be able to move. Also, we have heard and seen reports that she had multiple gunshot wounds, and knife stabbing. The doctor has not seen any of this. He looked for the gunshot wounds for the knife stabbing, and there is no injury whatsoever. They will do surgery again tomorrow on her legs. She has fractured legs and her right forearm. And we are just waiting to get that good news too.
We talked to her before and after the surgery, like I said, and she 's just, she just sounded real good. Of course, this morning she was a little groggy. But yet, she was good, because it was early. And then this afternoon, after the surgery, she was our Jessie again.
If those weren't gunshot wounds to cause the broken bones, do they know what caused the fractures?
They have no idea at this time what caused them. We know she 's in good spirits, because they told her they was gonna put pink casts on her legs and arms, and she had pink casts when she was in the third grade on her arm so we know she -- her mind is working good. So she 's in good spirits, and we hope the surgery will go good tomorrow, just as well as it did today.
Can you tell us what she said to you on the telephone? You said she was in good spirits? Can you describe your conversation?
I teased her again about the Army jeeps and she said, " I know where there's a bunch of that we can find." So, we know she 's in good spirits.
Gregory Lynch , the father of Jessica Lynch , and Jessica 's mother talking to reporters , saying they have talked to her today, both before and after surgery, that she says she 's feeling good. They say she will be good. But they said the doctors did go in and apparently do some work on her spinal cord or spinal column. He said to relieve some pressure on a nerve. They were concerned because she didn't have feeling in her feet. They did go on to say the doctors could not find either bullet or knife entry wounds, suggesting that her broken bones came from some other source, and it is not clear yet. Her parents said they don't know yet what caused their daughter 's injuries.
good evening, everyone . tonight, the middle east peace process is in danger of being swept away by violence. president bush called upon the world to stop terrorism after a suicide bomb attack on a bus in jerusalem today. 16 people were killed. at least 70 were injured. shortly afterward, israel killed seven people in gaza , two of them members of hamas . mike hanna in jerusalem , but first, going to kelly wallace in kba sda where there's more helicopter attacks tonight. kelly ?
we 're coming up on 23 after the hour on what is shaping up to be a busy day here . but a joyous day for 5,000 sailors and marines and friends and family in the san diego , california area because the giant u.s . carrier constellation is now returning home from the war in iraq . frank buckley is in san diego and joins us now with the latest scenes from there and the live pictures. hi, frank .
reporter : leon , yet another day of incredible home coming. this time the " uss constellation " coming up. they 're coming home for the last time to san diego . it 's scheduled for decommissioning in august. let me give you a sense of the excitement among families . look at these folks who have not seen their family members for seven months as the constellation was over in the persian gulf . let me take you up top to give you a larger view of how many folks are here at lima pier . we are expecting some 15,000 people to greet the " uss constellation " as it comes home . among the people that will be here to greet those folks , there are always the first-kissers , the people who win the first-kiss lottery and the new dads . we will talk to one of the winners of the first kiss contest. this is tammy , your husband is david . we have little alisa here. she is 4 years old told. congratulations.
reporter : you were telling me you spent 30 or $40 --
the question i asked you earlier, who gets the first kiss do you ?
she has agreed, i get to have it and she gets her daddy .
tell me what it feels like to have him almost home .
i feel complete. i 'm whole again. my better half is here .
reporter : that's a wonderful thing to say. when you heard they were finally about to leave harm's way, can you give viewers a sense of what that was like for you personally to get that news?
reporter : and what has it been like knowing you get the first kiss, are you nervous? do you remember how to do it?
to a point i 'm nervous but i just want him in my arms.
reporter : there are also 106 new dads , and among them is the dad of look at this beautiful boy who just woke up. this is -- this is trebian . mom is felicia , typhus is the new dad . you were telling me this little beautiful boy was born two days after deployment.
and you guys had tried or had hoped, prayed it would -- he would --
we were praying that he would get here on time, unfortunately he missed it, but through e-mails, pictures, he actually seen him grow, so it turned out to be okay. it was just like he was there.
yes, this is the second one he has missed. and the last .
well we 'll have a chat with david or not david with typhus . thank you very much. we appreciate it. you get a sense of the excitement here , the folks as the home comings are set to get under way here at lima pier in san diego . leon ?
i 'm amazed. i never have -- ceases to amaze me how kids can sleep anywhere. that little kid is going to sleep with all that racket going off around you .
U.S. Forces Hunt for Last of Saddam's Loyal Fighters
The United States Navy and Coast Guard crews are providing port security in the Persian Gulf during the Iraq war. And one group of sailors is getting letters from elementary school children in North Carolina . The students are getting inspiration from their teacher , who has a personal connection, as CNN 's Daryn Kagan reports.
It started as a story on port security, how U.S . Navy and Coast Guard reserves are keeping ships safe from attack in Kuwait and Iraq . (on camera): The mission of these units is to protect these ports . (voice-over): But among the boats , guns , radar, sonar and communications, we found a secret weapon posted on the side of the tent that serves as the command center : letters from second- graders . Each one starts the same way.
"Dear brave friend . Hello. My name is Ryan. I am in second grade. You are keeping the United States of America safe. You are..."
" You are my best friend . You can keep this in your bag. Sincerely, Ryan ."
It turns out this is actually a story about a brother , Lieutenant Commander Mike Roberts , and a supportive sister , Christine Cupolo .
My sister is a grammar school teacher in Clayton , North Carolina .
He was sent over right next to the Persian Gulf now since New Year's Eve. And this is one of many deployments he 's been on, but this one is probably the most crucial.
Her second- graders were very interested in sending some letters out to the troops .
So, I knew that, at one point or another, my children needed to write. I thought that would be a real uplifting experience for the troops .
And she says: "Dear brave friend . Hello. My name is Amanda."
" We would have to say that you are a very brave person . When the war starts, your heart will be in our souls."
For these kids to takes time to read letters to us and stuff like that in their class, what more can you ask? Just keep it going.
There will be more letters on the way. Back in North Carolina , the Riverwood Elementary second- graders are working on the next batch.
Absolutely. You might want to mention that in your letter as well.
This time, they hope the sailors will write back with answers to their questions.
So you want to know how fast the dolphins there are swimming? OK. I would write that down. I would say: "Dear, friend , I have some questions for you . I want to know about the dolphins that are helping you out over there." Can you do that? Do you think you could ask them a question? Sure. They will be happy to answer it. We started work on our letters the last week of February and worked on them the first week of March and sent them out a few weeks ago. And they got the letters pretty quickly over there. But I think this helps me stay closer to my brother .
Yes. I 'd just like to tell her , thank you very much, Christine . Hope you 're doing well in North Carolina . And thank you very much to your students for all the support and the letters that they sent out to us .
Their second-grade work keeping watch over those who keep watch in the Persian Gulf . Daryn Kagan , CNN , Kuwait . 
Those letters important at both ends. That's it for this hour. I 'm Judy Woodruff in Washington .
a michigan teen who disappeared with a convicted killer and went on a three-week oddysey is in trouble with the law tonight. prosecutors charge lindsey ryan with stealing firearms from her parents ' home . police caught up with the two in california . 56-year-old forry drake has been charged with interstate transport of a minor .
well, their 15 minutes on top of the world brought them 50 years of fame. today, sir edmund hillary being named an honorary citizen of nepal . to mark his historic climb to the top of mt. everest with sherpa norgay . there is concern climbing everest has become too common, and perhaps a bit too commercial. i don't think we have that. we don't have anything to demonstrate that commercialality. all right, let' s show you a little bit mt. everest , the highest summit on the planet . some 3d imagery. there, you see, the big picture of the southern part of asia . we 'll bring you down into the him la yas . 20 million years ago, they were formed when india broke off what was then a piece of africa and slammed into that portion of asia , creating this tremendous mountain range , with of course mt. everest at 29,000 feet above sea level. the highest peak of them all. this 3d animation kind of exaggerates it a little bit. what i should tell you is there are about 15 possible routes to get you to the top of mt. everest . what sir edmund hillary did and norgay did was go along this route that takes them across this valley -- you have to turn the picture this way a little bit, shoot back over this range , and bring you up in here . then i 'll try to give you my best guess tell station. basically, right along this ridge line up to 29,000 feet, into thin air, as it was popular coined by the book by the name of john crack cower a few years ago. since that, a lot of peek have tried, a lot of people have succeeded. 175 people have died trying to reach the summit of mt. everest . we 're joined by our guest -- where is our guest , by the way? who is in kathmandu . and how's the party going there ? are you there?
U.S. troops capture Saddam's half brother, stop major bank robbery in capital
American commandos captured a half brother of Saddam Hussein on Thursday, the latest success in a campaign to round up insiders from the former regime . U.S . troops thwarted a Baghdad bank robbery over the protests of Iraqis eager to share in the loot.
As U.S . forces struggled to restore order in Iraq , FBI Director Robert Mueller announced that agents had been detailed to help recover antiquities looted from museums in Baghdad and elsewhere . Agents will aid international efforts to recover stolen items ``on both the open and black markets,'' he said.
With the fighting all but over, the USS Constellation steamed from the Persian Gulf for its home port , carrying dozens of warplanes no longer needed. It was the second aircraft carrier ordered home in recent days.
The U.S . military 's search for chemical and biological weapons is unlikely to succeed until Iraqis lead American forces to them , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Thursday.
`` I don't think we 'll discover anything, myself ,'' Rumsfeld said at a meeting with Pentagon employees . `` I think what will happen is we 'll discover people who will tell us where to go find it.''
U.S . troops have found suspicious chemicals and facilities at a number of sites but tests on the materials have proved negative or inconclusive. Eliminating such weapons was a chief reason President George W. Bush gave for the U.S .-led invasion of Iraq that began March 20.
Brig. Gen . Vincent Brooks announced the capture of Barzan Ibrahim Hasan al-Tikriti , telling reporters he was an adviser to Saddam ``with extensive knowledge of the regime 's inner workings.''
A U.S . intelligence official , speaking on condition of anonymity, said Barzan Ibrahim had been a presidential adviser to Saddam 's regime since 1998, but had a shaky relationship with his half brother and was not part of the regime 's inner circle .
He was a representative to the United Nations in Geneva from 1989 to 1998. Earlier, from 1979 to 1983, he headed Iraq 's Mukhabarat , or intelligence service , a period when the organization arranged executions of regime opponents in Iraq and overseas, the official said.
Brooks provided scant details of the operation that netted Barzan Ibrahim , saying he was taken inside Baghdad and that U.S . special forces were aided by Marines . He said there were no casualties.
Another of Saddam 's three half brothers , Watban Ibrahim Hasan al-Tikriti , was captured earlier by U.S . forces . The third has not been found.
American forces have been criticized for failing to stop looting in several Baghdad cities , and there have been complaints, as well, that humanitarian relief has been slow in arriving.
But Marines foiled a brazen act of lawlessness during the day when they interrupted a robbery-in-progress at a branch of the al-Rashid Bank and took away US$4 million for safekeeping.
Thieves had blown a hole in the vault and dropped children in to bring out fistfuls of cash. As word spread that the robbery was under way, Iraqis gathered, saying they had accounts at the branch , and a riot broke out.
Marines broke it up  _	over the protests of Iraqis not involved in the robbery  _	and the thieves were arrested.
``These people want the money and they believe it is rightfully their money, but they don't understand that the proper distribution is not first-come, first-served,'' said Col . Philip DeCamp , a battalion commander .
Gen . Tommy Franks , the commander of Operation Iraqi Freedom, told reporters during a visit to Kuwait that ``the looting goes down every day and I think you will continue to see it go down because the Iraqis are now stepping up and controlling the problems for themselves .''
There was evidence of slow progress. Baghdad residents gathered outside the city 's police academy when word spread that some of the cars looted in recent days had been recovered.
Still, more than a week after the regime collapsed, Marine Staff Sgt . Jose Guillen said power has been restored  _  by use of diesel plants
 _  to only about 500 homes in Baghdad , a city of roughly 5 million . He said U.S . forces expect to get one of the city 's power grids on line by Friday.
Unrest continued in other parts of the country . Americans sought to bring calm to Mosul , where U.S . troops killed 17 people in clashes earlier in the week.
Brooks , briefing reporters at the U.S. Central Command headquarters , also disclosed that Marines had broken up violent clashes on Wednesday in Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown . The fighting broke out between club -wielding members of the former ruler 's clan and a rival group , he said.
Clan rivalries aside, there are numerous other resentments shaping events in the post- Saddam era. Majority Shiite Muslims are eager for power after decades of Saddam favoring Sunni Muslims , for example. And Kurds are eager to claim what they say Saddam took from them and gave to Arabs in the northern part of the country .
International experts , appalled at the looting of Iraqi historical artifacts, met in Paris under U.N . auspices and called for a temporary embargo on Iraqi cultural objects.
Some of the participants at the meeting said it appeared the looting was organized, and some of those involved had keys to museum vaults and were able to remove items from safes.
One suggested the effort was organized from outside Iraq .
``It looks as if part of the looting was a deliberate planned action,'' said McGuire Gibson , a University of Chicago professor and president of the American Association for Research in Baghdad .
`` I have a suspicion it was organized outside the country , in fact I 'm pretty sure it was,'' Gibson said. He added that if a good police team was put together, `` I think it could be cracked in no time.''
The Baghdad museum housed irreplaceable Babylonian , Sumerian and Assyrian collections that chronicled ancient life in the cradle of civilization, the area around the Tigris and Euphrates rivers .
US President George W. Bush told Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien by telephone Monday that he looked forward to seeing him at the upcoming summit of major industrialized nations and Russia , the White House said Tuesday.
"The two leaders discussed the upcoming G-8 meeting, US - Canada (relations) and other international issues of concern," Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer said days before the June 1-3 summit, to be held in France .
" Both said they look forward to seeing each other in Evian . They also touched on Afghanistan , the situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo and on the global economy," said Fleischer .
Amid a chill in relations over the war in Iraq , which Canada opposed, Bush indefinitely postponed a visit to Canada , instead choosing to host Australian Prime Minster John Howard , who endorsed that military campaign.
On Monday, Chretien told reporters that he and Bush , who had not spoken since late February, discussed a wide range of issues, including Iraq , the upcoming summit of the Group of Eight industrial powers and aid to Africa .
" We 've always been on good terms. We just disagree on one item," the Canadian leader said.
Look at Latest Evidence Against Iraq; Any Hope U.N., Old Europe will 
Come Around to Bush Administration's Way of Thinking?
Well, those of you who still believe the myth of the liberal media should consider this: MSNBC , an obscure cable channel , has fired Phil Donahue , the host of its highest-rated show. A memo from inside NBC , reported on the Web site allyourtv.com, and today in " The Washington Post ," shows NBC big wigs feared that the liberal Mr . Donahue represented in the words of the NBC memo -- quote -- "a difficult public face for NBC at a time of war, while our competitors are waving the flag at every opportunity because he seems to delight in presenting guests who are anti-war, anti- Bush and skeptical of the administration 's motives." So there it is, according to NBC . Phil Donahue was fired because he 's a liberal . In fact, the only liberal with the solo cable talk show. NBC , of course, is a division of the conglomerate GE , where they apparently only bring right wing things to life.
I actually like Phil Donahue . I 've interviewed him a number of times. His arguments are really dumb. I don't know if you 've listened to Phil Donahue . Delightful guy , but his arguments don't make a lot of sense and I think that is the problem with liberal talk show hosts -- you excluded, of course, and James . But the arguments, actually, don't hold up very well. Have you noticed that?
You know, you can argue back and forth, but you shouldn't fire someone because of their political views and that's what NBC has done and shame on the General Electric corporation . He had the highest-rated show on the network .
I used to work there . They 're good to me . They 're very nice people and they 're very good to me ...
...but they shouldn't fire a guy for his political views.
The market didn't have an intelligent way to react to this news (except to send NASDAQ , which I 've been cheerleading for a while, up 10.46% in sympathy), but the New York Stock Exchange may actually convert to a for-profit entity . It 's far too clubby now, and while this move wouldn't get rid of nine-figure paydays, it might ensure that they only happen when well-deserved. Not to name names or anything. The exchange needs this: it 's ossified, the real owners -- holders of exchange seats -- have seen their investment lose 40% in a year (though they can still earn an income from it to offset the losses), and the NASDAQ has undercut their traditional dominance among growth companies -turned-blue chips. Heck, they 're down to just over half of their single-letter symbols ! It 's a dying organization , and this will be just the jolt it needs for another couple decades of somnambulant staggering before being ultimately replaced by far more efficient companies .
Full Disclosure: "Far more efficient companies ," basically means "The NASDAQ ," so take it with a gigantic grain of salt.
Secondary Disclosure: You can take the above at face value; I don't own stock in a salt company .
Everything comes with lots of grains of salt. Ever read the label on a soup can? It's amazing they can squeeze any liquid in there. And if you crumble up crackers in there, that's even more salt.
Well, I 'm not sure how I take the NYSE news. I think I agree with you on the wreckless compensation thing. I also think that Sears-Kmart should come up with a new name altogether. Those stores are deadzones, and they need some buzz. Change the names, paint the buildings , reorganize a little, and hire strippers for cashiers . I 'm not sure how that last idea got in there. Must be friday.
convicted oklahoma city bombing conspirator terry nichols will stand trial again on state murder charges. nichols is serving a life term for his federal manslaughter and conspiracy convictions stemming from the deaths of eight federal employees in the 1995 blast. an oklahoma city judge has ruled prosecutors presented enough evidence at a preliminary hearing to try nichols on murder charges for the other 160 victims of the attack. they will seek the death penalty. timothy mcveigh , convicted of setting off the bomb that destroyed the alfred p. murrah federal building , was executed nearly two years ago.
White House raises possibility it might not seek U.N. vote With EU-GEN--Turkey-US-Iraq; UN-GEN--N-Iraq
With opposition hardening, the White House left open the possibility Tuesday that it would not seek a United Nations vote on its war-making resolution if the measure was headed for defeat.
``The vote is desirable. It is not necessary,'' presidential spokesman Ari Fleischer said.
The comments came as President George W. Bush and his advisers looked beyond the diplomatic showdown and made plans for a public relations buildup to potential war.
One option under serious consideration was Bush giving Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein a final ultimatum, perhaps with a short-term deadline, in a major address next week, two senior White House officials said.
The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity, stressed that a variety of options are on the table and they all depend on the outcome of a U.N. Security Council debate on the U.S .-backed war resolution.
The United States still doesn't have the nine votes needed to win approval of the resolution, according to supporters and opponents , and many undecided council members are looking for a compromise.
Even if he gets the required votes, Bush needs to avoid a veto by Russia , France or China who all favor continuing inspections at least into July.
Once the vote is resolved one way or another, Bush will intensify his case for war, officials said, barring unforeseen events such as Saddam suddenly disarming or going into exile.
In addition to a possible address, they have discussed a presidential news conference and a Cabinet meeting as ways for Bush to communicate his plans to the nation next week.
As those discussions were taking place behind the scenes, Fleischer told reporters that Turkey would lose a proposed $15 billion aid package unless it admits troops into the country for the Iraq conflict.
``The particular package that we 've been talking to them about was predicated on assistance and cooperation in any plan for the use of force against Iraq ,'' Fleischer said.
Until Tuesday, the spokesman had suggested part of the package would be available to Turkey regardless of whether 62,000 American troops are allowed in the country . White House officials said they were turning up pressure on Turkey in hopes that the parliament would grant the U.S . request on a second vote.
Even so, officials said future aid for Turkey would not be ruled out, just the massive package under consideration now.
At the United Nations , Secretary-General Kofi Annan called Baghdad 's missile destruction ``a positive development,'' putting him at odds with Bush 's assessment. Russia 's Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov , hardening Moscow 's opposition to quick military action, indicated Russia may use its veto against the U.S .-backed resolution.
Both developments further complicated Bush 's efforts to win passage of the resolution, adding significance to talk of what the administration would do if U.N . opposition cements against the U.S . position.
``The president has made clear, that ... whether the United Nations votes or does not vote, that we will disarm Saddam Hussein with a coalition of the willing ,'' Fleischer said. `` We are proceeding with all the plans for the vote.''
``Now, if you are asking me if all of a sudden support around the world crumbles and there is absolutely no one for it, I can't predict with metaphysical certitude every eventuality,'' Fleischer said.
U.S . Ambassador John Negroponte was asked whether the United States would withdraw the resolution if it didn't have the votes to pass it.
`` We haven't crossed that bridge ,'' he said. `` We believe that support should be there. We are not facing that kind of situation but we will cross the bridge when we come to it .''
Afterward, he and other White House officials said the remarks did not signal a lack of confidence in the resolution's prospects.
5,400 sailors and marines are back at home after serving in iraq . they 're the crew of the " uss harry s. truman ." they have reunited with their families and friends , at the aircraft carrier 's home port in norfolk , virginia . the " truman " is the first east coast -based carrier to return from the war.
in were also big celebrations at ft. hood , texas , home base to two other p.o.w.s , david williams and ronald young . those pilots were captured on march 24th, after their apache helicopter went down in iraqi territory . today, their families are learning new and actually harrowing details about the days after their capture. cnn national correspondent susan candiotti is with the young family in georgia , jamie cole by at ft. hood , texas , where she spoke to williams ' wife michelle . susan , why don't we start with you ?
reporter: hello, judy . during a brief phone call with their son from kuwait on surngd the arm asked the young family not to get into any specific details about what happened during their son 's capture and release. however, the family did get in a company of questions about how he was treated. they learned he lost 20 pound pounds and also their son told them that in the last few days of his capture, things weren't so bad but that they were very rough in the beginning. now they are learning more details that their son in fact was kicked and beaten after his capture, and that his fellow pilot david williams had a knife held to his throat immediately after an tur, according to an interview their son was allowed to conduct with "the washington post ", who flew with him into kuwait . their son is said to be in very good spirits now and back here in georgia , after three weeks of not knowing exactly what had happened to him , finally, for the very first time in three weeks, the young family members got some sleep last night for the first time in a long time. well, at least some family members did.
i came home , she was in bed, i laid on the couch for a couple of hours, walked around, i thought, i 'm going to sleep tonight, i really am. i got in there, laid downer she must have took a pill or something. sounded like a saw mill going on next to me . back on the couch again.
hey, i was tired. and besides, it was relief, you know? i could finally sleep and know everything was okay.
reporter: of course, pictures and videotape and a phone call is one thing. but seeing their son in person is quite another. and they are, of course, hoping that will happen very soon. young 's mother says, when she sees her son , she plans on hugging him for a good solid half hour. back to you , judy .
at least, we would think, if that's the case. thanks very much. let' s turn to jamie at ft. hood , texas , where she 's been talking with the family of chief warrant officer david williams . for them , jamie , begin what we just heard about the knife at his throat, they must be incredibly relieved.
reporter: you know, judy , they have been learning more and more as the day goes on. the focus is clearly not on their treatment or their capture but their freedom. i was on the phone with michelle williams yesterday, when she saw those first pictures on cnn of her husband , and she sleeked with delight. for three weeks she 's watched and waited for some news. the only other pictures was his abandoned helicopter . she knew instantly when she saw it , because of the 1st cavalry emblem and special markings it was his . it's been a long three weeks. today is date she was waiting for. ihood a chance to spend some time with her yesterday. this morning on "american morning" she told us about what her reaction was when she saw those first pictures of her husband free.
i was so happy. he -- i knew i never lost hope that he was alive and just seeing him and being able to see his eyes and his reaction to his rescue just took a huge load off my shoulders.
reporter: incredible support from military spouses , but this is a true love story. the two met, michelle and david in flight school . they have been at ft. hood for a short time. both are pilots . michelle is
dog chapman was in the same truck you saw. at one point, the mexican police busted both andrew luster and dwayne dog chapman , because they don't like bounty hunters in mexico . chapman remains behind bars as we speak in mexico . andrew luster , though arrived yesterday at los angeles international airport on a commercial flight from mexico . as soon as he arrived -- thoom being walked by the fbi to a van belonging to the ventura county sheriff 's folks . he was taken to a prison in kearn county , california , about 100 miles from los angeles , a place mostly known for its grapes. make of that what you may. heidi ?
the nasa and the european space agency both launch missions to mars this month sending rovers and ashters to probe the red planet . one of the big questions about mars is when or whether humans will ever be able to visit. it's an idea plagued with unsolved problems. the latest issue of "popular science magazine" takes a look at the challenges nasa is facing. joining us is the contributing editor . good to see you , jeff .
it was only about 30 years ago when we went to the moon . so what's the difficulty in being able to go to mars ?
it's unimaginably difficult and different. mars is at most times 100 million miles away from us . it's a nine-month trip. then if we stay there for about a year or two, the whole trip could last about three years. we 're talking about conditions where there's radiation in space cosmic radiation that could cause cancer. the communications conditions once you 're on mars , just to talk to people on earth , there's a 20 minute delay in the conversation. so the -- you know, the issues are so much larger than going to the moon .
and for now, it's 250 days, which seems to be the maximum for astronauts in space anyway. but as you say, it's a much further travel. but let' s talk about some of the hurdles that hamper humans to be able to survive there . the dust, for one thing. cataracts another. let' s talk about the right kind of spacecraft that would be able to allow humans to actually get that far and to survive.
right. well, first of all, the spacecraft would not be launched from earth . you 'd have to launch is from in space already, which means we would have to build it in space . so that means we need a good shuttle that 's going to take us back and forth to build the spacecraft . then we have to come up with the fuel that will take it out of the earth 's orbit all the way to mars . that's probably going to be nuclear propulsion at this point again something we haven't really developed yet, because we couldn't carry that much fuel, obviously. liquid oxygen would be way too heavy to carry all the way to mars . the bigger issue is once we get there , we can't carry oxygen or water or food to stay there three years, so we 're going to have to do all of that on the surface of the planet . and think of it. mars is carbon dioxide. so we can't breathe there . so we 're going to have to come up with some conversion technique to create water, to create oxygen and then some way of growing food on the planet itself . all of this is in the works now, but i think it's going to take quite a few years to develop it.
you talk about the cosmic radiation. then of course there is the zero g bone loss, almost like the eroding of bone to humans that would be at risk as well.
absolutely. there could be as much as 50% bone loss in astronauts in mars .
during the time in mars . because when the body has -- when there is no dpravity as there is on mars , the body doesn't pick up the calcium in the bones, so it doesn't keep getting the bones stronger and stronger. so they will just lose it. they will be almost like old people even at the age of 40.
jeff rothfeder . thank you for joining us . looks like it will be some time before we make our way to mars . that's it for us . but before we go, a look at what's coming up next week. a controversial incinerator just about ready to destroy weapons at an anniston , alabama , military facility . what might be the risk to people downwind. that story and much more coming up next week. coming up next on "cnn live sunday" a look at america 's storage of gas. that's followed by "people in the news" profiling harrison ford and harry potter . at 8:00 eastern, cnn presents road to baghdad .
You 'd think he was busy enough with Blockbuster and Hollywood , but Carl Icahn is once again going after Mylan labs . I 'd love to call it a classic raid -- he 's making an offer for the company , nominating his own board , claiming management can accept one or the other or both, and hinting that if they paid him enough, he 'd probably go away. But the whole point of raiding is to outsmart an opponent , and that means the strategy changes constantly. In this case, the most interesting twist is that he 's shorting shares of Mylan 's acquisition target , King Pharmaceuticals ; he 's basically doubling down on the bet that they won't acquire. Not only that, but if Mylan bought him out, they 'd have less money to fund a purchase of King Pharmaceuticals . Either way, he 's showing a lot of confidence. Given his record, it's warranted.
Interview With Ralph Nader, Donald Palmisano; Interview With 
Hi. I 'm Christa Demore (ph) from Monrovia , Maryland . And I 'm curious, how can Democrats claim that President Bush is ignoring the war on terror if al Qaeda 's second key operative was just caught?
And it also proves you can even chew gum and walk at the same time. Doesn't it show that?
He cannot eat a pretzel and watch a football became at the same time. So I 'm still doubtful of -- no, here's why. This is a serious point and you deserve a serious answer. The way we caught that guy was by coordinating with our allies . We now have a foreign policy in Iraq that is putting enormous strain on those allies . The same weekend they arrested the guy , we had...
No, it was a joint effort by Pakistan . Why do we want to sever that relationship with this idiotic war in Iraq ?
Hi. I 'm Ben Charlton (ph) from East Lansing , Michigan . I was -- if we wait for U.N . approval for action in Iraq , don't we sacrifice some of our national sovereignty?
Well, where are all of the conservative questions? We never have conservatives in the audience . There's no question. I think even Paul would agree with me . The question of whether we go to war or not is strictly a national question. It's not a United Nations question.
That is correct. The president has got all of the legal authorities he needs. I just pray to god he doesn't use it. We need to go to the U.N . because we want to build coalitions so we have support around the world and so that we don't have to carry the burden ourselves . But legally he has no obligation to go back to the U.N . From the left I am Paul Begala . Goodnight for CROSSFIRE.
From the right, I 'm Robert Novak . Join us next time for another edition of CROSSFIRE.
it's been four years since the u.s . women 's soccer team made history winning the world cup before more than 90,000 fans at the rose bowl . everybody remembers that scene. brandy chastain 's kick and mia hamm ripping the shirt off. the super bowl of women 's soccer is returning to the u.s . after concerns about sars in china prompted a change in venue for this year's tournament. lynn morgan president of the soccer association is one of those who has the job of organizing this global event that has only got four months to get put together instead of four years as usual and she joins us from atlanta this morning. you see her there . in washington , with us now is mia hamm , one of the stars of the '99 u.s . team . she 's now playing for the washington freedom of the wusa . ladies , thanks for coming out and talking with us this morning. mia , when you heard the news about china now saying they want the u.s . to run the tournament, when you heard that, did you think this is a pleasant surprise or you got to be kidding?
if you watch "newsnight" regularly and you do, don't you ? you know that we are fans of still photographers and trying to bring their work in iraq and tonight again, we do. eric seals of knight-ridder trainchl shooting for the detroit free press . he was to his chagrin, could be the most toughest and important battle of them all, winning the peace.
reporter: before the war, i was in jordan . we were waiting for the iraqi refugees to show off. everyone thought would stream from iraq and from baghdad into the jordan , like did in 1991. but the iraqi didn't show up. on april 9th, about 130 journalists from around the world including myself and a couple of reporters , we were going to try to cross the border because we were all desperate to get into iraq , two days after the saddam statue fell and we all knew it was over. my name is eric salees , i am a photographer at detroit free press and currently working in baghdad and been here about a week and a half. 156 iraqi police officers were supposed to show up to this college to report for work. but instead, 2,000 showed up because they heard about it on the radio. so the whole college was swarmed with police officers wanting their jobs back. and this gentleman was kind of in charge of the whole operation and one man has his arms up yelling at him , was basically an angry officer demanding his job. we came across a checkpoint and there were about maybe five, six iraqi locals with ak-47 machine guns and checking cars . those kind of neat that the iraqis are taking pride in the fall of the regime and wanting to restore order themselves . we had heard rumors of an underground prison . and rumor had it there was a bunch of kuwaitis and one american held in this underground prison that people forgot about. so we went into this bunker hoping to find a prison and run into these prisoners and instead we ran into a room fulls of weapons from bullets to hand grenade , land mines , rocket-propelled grenades . besides weapon , there was paperwork all over the
I can think of only one good reason to be this enthusiastic about Martha Stewart Living : The fact that so many investors are so clearly enthusiastic about Martha Stewart Living . Let' s be clear: There are few worse times to buy a stock than when the namesake and guiding force behind the company is in prison (whether or not she really should be), advertising is down by nearly half, and the brand has been tarnished beyond recognition. And yet the stock's within a few points of an all-time high. Wonders never cease.
It was in northern Iraq today that an eight artillery round hit the site occupied by Kurdish fighters near Chamchamal . It happened near an area abandoned earlier by Iraqi forces . CNN 's Kevin Sites is in northern Iraq .
This is the road to Kirkuk . A day ago it was controlled by Iraqi troops and packed with these land mines but now we can drive far enough to see the outskirts of Kirkuk . That's because coalition fighter jets pummeled this Iraqi position on the hills above Chamchamal and Iraqi troops made a hasty retreat. This is what the hilltop looks like now, craters 15 feet deep, busted bunkers and twisted metal, scattered ammunitions and tattered clothing, a helmet, a tube of toothpaste. Kurdish Peshmerga fighters took their place. I 'm glad to see them go this one says. They killed a lot of our people in Chamchamal but I feel bad for them too. Some of them were only conscripts . Some Kurds took advantage of the Iraqi retreat right away. This one took a bulldozer to a concrete portrait of Saddam Hussein . It took about 20 minutes but finally it came toppling down. He says after finishing the job he hopes Saddam Hussein himself will fall too but despite the exuberance of Kurds in the area , it's clear it's much too early to celebrate. Although the Iraqis retreated from this area , at dusk they fired what observers say were seven artillery rounds back at their former stronghold creating new fear and potentially new casualties. Kevin Sites , CNN Chamchamal northern Iraq .
All right and when we return, waiting here on the home front , a very special reunion between a Marine and his wife . There is no greater gap probably than that between the troops overseas and their loved ones here at home . CNN helped bridge that cassum (ph) at least temporarily between Sergeant Craig Martin of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit and his wife Kaycee Martin in California . They talked by videophone this morning.
You 're eight months pregnant I believe. How has this been for you ?
It's been difficult. It's hard without him . I 'm doing OK but it would be much better if he was home with me .
If I could just ask, I mean and you know I don't want to pry so anytime I ask something you don't want to say just tell me to shut up but what is it like for you watching all this coverage? I mean watching, you know, the access. The pictures we re seeing are really historic in what we are able to see. Is it more - does it make it more difficult? Does it make it easier?
It's very difficult. It's hard. The whole time though you 're just sitting there trying to catch a glimpse just to see if maybe one of the people on TV is him but you know he tells me don't watch, don't watch. You know, it's going to be difficult but like I said, it's just too hard. I want to be able to see just to make sure that he 's OK, just catch a glimpse of him .
 SGT. CRAIG MARTIN, 15TH MARINE EXPEDITIONARY UNIT 
When we came across the bridge , the enemy launched some 155 artillery rounds at us . It came pretty close and the concussion knocked my tooth out.
Sergeant Martin I don't know if you see, your wife 's sort of shaking her head.
Is there anything else you would like to say either to your wife or to all the people who are watching this? I know this awkward, you know, doing this on TV and I hate to put you in this position but feel free.
Yeah. I 've got a couple of things real quick. To my old man , this is not a distraction. To my wife , we 'll be home soon and I love you . That's all I 've got to say.
Well that says a lot. Kaycee , anything else you want to say?
I love you very much. I miss you very much. Everyone is praying for you and I just want you to come home safe and soon so you could see our new baby .
One more thing, you look really beautiful right now.
A little embarrassing for us to watch. It's got to be difficult talking to your loved one in front of thousands and thousands of people on television, millions . Well, in addition to the baby on the way, the Martins also have a three-year-old daughter . And that is it for this hour. I 'm Judy Woodruff in Washington . Wolf Blitzer 's report starts right now.
iraqi museum workers are starting to assess the damage to iraq 's history. up to 20 loot the artifacts have been returned after religious clerics called for the action. now officials in the worldwide museum community have pledged their help in restoring iraq 's past. liz george explains.
iraq 's history, iraq 's culture. it's all demolished.
reporter: a cry from the heart from one of iraq 's archaeologists . a cry echoing around the world .
it's a catastrophe. it's a catastrophe for the people of iraq , it's a catastrophe for the whole world , because the civilization of ancient iraq was the first urban civilization in the world .
reporter: as the extent of the lookedding and destruction came to light, experts in the u.k . were making plans to help. the british museum is home to the largest mesopotamia collection outside iraq , including some of the earliest forms of writing.
it's the duty of international community to restore as much as possible to the museum and then, i think, the international community must organize itself to help the iraqi colleagues restore what is left. the british museum is putting six conserve tors and three curators into this as soon as it's possible. they 'll go to work with the iraqi colleagues as
Interim Chairperson of the Commission of the African  Union ( AU ) Amara Essy has strongly condemned the coup d'etat that took place in the Central Africa Republic on March 15, 2003.
According to a press release of the AU on Monday, Essy said AU "rejects and unequivocally condemns unconstitutional change of government in keeping with the provisions of it s constitutive act as well as the decisions and declarations adopted by the Algiers and Lome Summits."
In conformity with the Lome Declaration, the release said the AU Central Organ of the Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution will meet very shortly to consider the situation and the measures to be taken.
Last Saturday night, rebels in the Central Africa Republic , captured the airport in the capital city of Bangui and the residence of 
President Ange-Felix Patasse , who is out of the country .
The rebels have captured the country 's main international airport , said a top official in a 300-strong African security force policing the city .
The rebels identified themselves to residents in the city as troops loyal to former general staff  Gen . Francois Bozize , who staged a foiled coup bid in October.
From the Associated Press : A lone gunman opened fire with an assault rifle Sunday inside a crowded mall in upstate New York , wounding one person before running out of ammunition and being subdued by employees , authorities said.
The gunman began shooting inside the Hudson Valley Mall shortly after 3 p.m. in Kingston , nearly 90 miles north of New York City .
The 24-year-old gunman went into a Best Buy store and started firing. When he ran out of ammunition , he was captured by mall employees , police said.
Ulster Town Supervisor Fred Wadnola identified the gunman 's weapon as an AK-47 assault rifle .
" Everyone was running and screaming. Then I heard the shots," witness Heather Craig told Fox News . Whoa! You 're telling me someone was able to take an AK-47 "assault rifle " into a mall and injure people ?! But it's New York . They have gun laws!
And because New York has such strict gun laws - meaning citizens are prohibited from concealing weapons - a gunner can use bag-toting shoppers as target practice because guns laws keep mall shoppers at his mercy.
Had an armed civilian been inside the mall , perhaps he could have intervened before the suspect began injuring people before he ran out of ammo .
But not in New York . Because there people like me who have never had so much as a traffic ticket in life cannot conceal weapons , unlike in Florida , where you walk past us everyday without even knowing it.
New Questions About Attacking Iraq; Is Torturing Terrorists Necessary?
Time for "Fireback," when the viewers fire back at us . Joshua Hosford of Newport Beach , California -- that would be nice in this weathers -- " Paul , I guess we 're going after all. Case in point, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed . It's amazing how someone can actually do two things at once. I 'm chewing gum and talking on the phone while writing this note." Joshua , you couldn't have said anything better. In fact, I 've already said it.
Well, in fact, our allies got Mr . Mohammed along with us . We need allies . And Bush is so far angered every ally we have. Dan Snyder of Baden , Pennsylvania writes, " Bush should torture the al Qaeda chief operations officer . Bush has been torturing Americans for two years. Why should this guy get preferential treatment?"
And I thought he was -- I thought he was busy running the Redskins . No? OK. The next comment is from Frank Mastro of New York City . " Mr . Novak , I don't understand the problem. If the budget goes through as is, why don't Mr . Begala and Mr . Carville just donate the extra tax money they don't want?" I say that to all the rich millionaire Democrats , like Carville and Begala , who don't want tax cuts. Pay it anyway.
I 'll donate to the Democrats . They 'll defeat Bush and everybody will get rich. That's a better strategy. David Horn of Long Island , New York , writes, "How can Bush say he 's for democracy? He had to sue to become our president , and he keeps trying to bribe other countries' democratic governments into his supporting his agenda. Where did he learn to govern, 1930's Chicago ?"
The college football season is finally over. On one hand, I am a bit sad because years like this only happen for Auburn every 15 or 20 years, so it's a little disappointing.
On the other hand, this worked out about as well as it could. If you asked me at the beginning of the year if I 'd rather be 8-3 and playing in the liberty bowl or 12-0 with a chance to win the Sugar Bowl, go 13-0 and finish second, I 'd say hell yeah to the latter.
The fact that pundits put OU ahead of Auburn based on their out of conference schedule being tougher than ours is laughable now. In the end, playing Bowling Green over us playing The Citadel didn't make the Sooners much better. Man, I 've seen softer takedowns on Cops. USC came on to the field , gave up a TD, then decided to make Choke-lahoma their collective bitches , and they did just that.
38-10 at the half meant that I didn't even have to hear that dying hyena Ashlee "no, I'm the one with dark hair and no boobs" Simpson butcher yet another song on tv. Hell, I read it on Fark this morning. Hooray for big first half beatings that get me an extra hour of sleep.
We might not have won, but we wouldn't have let Leinert go long on us all night either. Our db's would have had something to say about that. And, it turns out that when playing a decent team , OU can't do shit on offense. That was just plain terrible. Jason White looked like Jason Voorhees out there, stomping around getting caught from every direction any time he didn't hand of to Peterson for a three yard loss.
In five years, Oklahoma has played in four huge games, and lost three of them...badly. That must feel like being a Sox fan before this year, I 'd imagine.
Anyway, I feel great. Think about this. A year ago, Tuberville was one reporter 's abililty to find an out of place airplane in Ohio away from being fired BEFORE the Alabama game. Then, the AD and President get canned, a booster starts down the long road to shun-ville, and Tuberville keeps smiling and saying the right things.
He talks his two running backs and two stellar DB's into staying, then knocks out 15 straight wins and signs one of those super iron-clad contracts that will pay him 14 million over seven years, and if Auburn even thinks...THINKS about letting him go, they owe him every penny. I don't even think there's a morality clause. He could have sex with an endangered Bald Eagle, and they 'd STILL have to pay him . And that's the way it should be.
Meanwhile, Auburn fans can spend the next six months saying "yeah, but we 'd have done this" or " We were 13-0, won the sec, beat five top ten teams , three of them on the road , and became the only undefeated SEC team in the BCS 's history to NOT play for the title." And coincidentally, Oklahoma 's played in it this year, last year, and in 2000. You won in 2000, but you got punked the last two years, and last year you got to play for the title even though you didn't even win your conference . You got embarassed by Kansas State and LSU last year, and humiliated this year. But the little 12 is SOOO much better than the SEC . That's why you played a four-loss team for your conference title this year. And, considering the BCS is run by the head of the Big 12 , it's no wonder you get the benefit of the doubt.
Don't think so? How about the fact that only two teams that didn't win their conference have ever played for the national title? You and Nebraska in 2001. Oh, the other thing you two Big 12 teams have in common is that you got your asses kicked on the sport's biggest stage.
So yes, we are disappointed. But all you can do is play the schedule in front of you . Auburn did that with class and dignity, they won every game, faced down every challenge, and made every Auburn fan in the country and the world proud.
Now, can someone get the Auburn cheerleaders some of those USC sweaters? Meow!
China to build nuclear-powered desalinator project
China late this year will start building a nuclear-powered desalinator project in Yantai City in east China 's Shandong Province , with a designed capacity of producing 52 million tons of fresh water a year.
Officials with the Development Planning Commission of the Shandong provincial government said the project, to be built in cooperation with Qinghua University , would alleviate water shortages in the city and other parts of the Shandong Peninsula .
Yantai and other parts of Shandong suffered acute water shortages due to droughts in recent years, changing climate and other reasons.
Approved by the State Development and Reform Commission , the project is expected to cost 1.6 billion yuan (nearly 200 million US dollars).
Zhang Zuoyi , director of the Nuclear Energy Technology and Design Institute attached to Qinghua University , was quoted in Monday's Beijing Evening News as saying the fresh water to be produced from the project will cost 3.75 yuan per ton, much less than the cost of water from existing sources.
The project is expected to use a 200-megawatt nuclear-powered reactor designed by the institute , according to the paper .
The project would be completed and operational in 2007, it said.
U.S. won't choose subcontractors for rebuilding Iraq, U.S. official says
The U.S . Assistant Secretary of State for Europe and Eurasia said Tuesday that the U.S . government won't be involved in choosing subcontractors for American companies named to help rebuild Iraq .
``The way it works is that there have been an initial set of contracts let to US companies , since it's U.S . money. Those companies can subcontract to any company they want,'' Elizabeth Jones said.
She made the statements after a meeting with the speaker of the Portuguese parliament , Joao Mota Amaral .
``The U.S . government has done what it is going to do: it has opened up the process to international companies . We can't direct commerce,'' Jones said. ``Once it's a commercial proposition, then international bidding processes come into effect.''
Jones met with Defense Minister Paulo Portas on Tuesday and will meet Foreign Minister Antonio Martins da Cruz before leaving Portugal Wednesday.
About 50 Portuguese companies - mostly in the construction sector  _ 
are applying for subcontracts to help rebuild Iraq , Portuguese media reported. Many are hoping to reap benefits from Portuguese government support of the U.S .-led war to oust Saddam Hussein .
Also, Portugal hosted a last ditch pre-war summit in the Azores islands for leaders of the United States , Britain and Spain .
we begin tonight with a big story out of iraq . cnn has learned that the cia has obtained critical pieces of nuclear technology in iraq . the parts are essential to developing a nuclear bomb program. they were hidden under a rosebush in the back yard of an iraqi scientist in baghdad . that iraqi scientist hid the components 12 years ago. he said saddam hussein 's son , qusay , and his then son-in-law ordered him to do it. he tells cnn he was told to keep the parts hidden so they would be ready when the time came to rebuild iraq 's program. the parts are from a gas centrifuge and can be used for enriching uranium in bomb quality material. ,000 looks like there may be some evidence that osama bin laden is alive and still plotting. cnn learned the al qaeda leader sent personal letters to key operatives in february, ordering them to attack the united states and its allies . intelligence sources say the correspondence came from the border between pakistan and afghanistan , where osama bin laden is believed to be hiding. couriers delivered the letters to locations including africa , asia and the middle east . a month later, u.s . and pakistani force hs a lead on osama bin laden , but by the time they moved in, he had vanished again.
Well, we don't, but we 've something very much like it: A company hitting and then rehitting lows that would have been unthinkable even after their pull-back a year ago, accusations and proof of some less-than-Kosher accounting, and, best of all, allegations of egregious self-dealing by insiders . A glance at the analyst opinions shows that they have a lone bull cheerleading the stock, and plenty of bears hammering it.
That's evidence enough that it's underpriced; the market usually reacts to a downgrade by dropping the stock a percent or two, but I can't help it -- I presume most of these downgrades arose from the classic "Well, what does your analyst think?" " He says it's a buy," "Well, what's it done this year?" conversation. Nobody wants to be caught recommending a loser , and unlike portfolio managers with a Net Asset Value report card every trading day, analysts can essentially start fresh with each new opinion. The best analysts get noted, lauded, and showered with cash. The worst ? Well, they 're still averaged in with the rest .
And anyway, I don't consider analysts anything but aggregators of publically-available information and echo- chambers for previously-determined opinions. They can't really add much without straying into the realm of inside information, and what they do add is usually factored in the moment the report is released. Or, in an ideal world , it should be. Thankfully, ours is a less-than-ideal, though by no means dystopic, market, so we get plenty of opportunities to profit from the mistakes of others . As long as the bearish opinions of analysts weighs down on Krispy Kreme , I 'll be a bull .
Bankrupt energy giant Enron Corp is considering bringing legal action against its own bankers for giving bad financial advice that helped lead to its downfall, the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.
The Houston energy company , which has been the target of a slew of investigations into alleged financial deception, filed a pair of motions in federal bankruptcy court in Manhattan in April, said the daily .
It added that the move is part of a new push under the leadership of new chief executive officer Stephen Cooper to settle all the litigation involving Enron and its bankers , shareholders and creditors .
Enron 's principal bankers , including JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup , and along with numerous other Enron advisers , have already been sued by the company 's shareholders for allegedly helping the company hide debt, and they face investigations from regulators over their involvement.
Besides JP Morgan and Citigroup , the other Enron advisers include Bank of America , CSFB , Merrill Lynch , UBS , Deutsche Bank , Goldman Sachs , Lehman Brothers Holdings , ABN Amro , Barclays PLC , Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce , WestLB AG and National Westminster Bank PLC , now part of Royal Bank of Scotland PLC .
Here's an entertaining little morsel from Business Week Online (no byline given):
But on the subject of succession, those two look like role models compared with insurance giant American International Group Inc . ( AIG ), whose aging CEO has no plans to retire. Maurice R. "Hank" Greenberg , who turns 80 in May, groomed two sons to be successors , but both have since left AIG . Greenberg Sr . then created an office of the chairman in 2002, which includes co-COOs Martin J. Sullivan and Donald P. Kanak . Both are considered possible successors , but the board won't know Greenberg 's preference until his departure, when it opens a sealed letter. Perhaps this is a good time for a quick refresher.... The CEO works for the board ...end lesson.
I guess it is not as straight forward when your CEO is also chairman and one of the largest shareholders . It would be tempting to get on my high horse right now about the need to separate the positions of CEO and Chairman but to be honest with you I don't really believe that. I know CEO / chair duality is a popular cause for corporate governance. However there is little empirical evidence to suggest that separating these roles affects firm performance in either a positive or negative way. Having a combined CEO/Chairman does reduce the ability of the board to act as a check on management and this does mean that you need to be more critical in your assessment of the trustworthiness of the top management team . This downside of having a combined CEO/chair is offset by (1) a reduction of coordination and communication costs at the top of the organization and (2) an increase in the negotiating position of the CEO when dealing with suppliers , potential merger partners , etc. #2 could be particularly useful in a dynamic industry.
I do however look more carefully at the top management team of a company with a CEO/Chair before investing. It is important that you can get a sense of the trustworthiness of the CEO . Is there high turnover among senior managers ? Is there a record of regulatory problems? If the CEO is new, I also look at the performance of the CEO 's previous company . I am most concerned if the fortunes of the prior employer took a sudden turn for the worse after the CEO left.
the coroner examining the remains of two bodies recovered near san francisco bay yesterday was unable to determine the cause of death. police are now considering the possibility that the remains are those of laci peterson and her unborn child . peterson disappeared on christmas eve of last year. paul vercammen joins me now from martinez , california , with the latest for us . paul ?
reporter: well, lou , one thing that the coroner has been able to determine is that the skeletal remains are those of one, an adult female , and two, the remains of the almost full-term baby boy . and of course, this is significant because laci peterson , when she disappeared from her modesto home , was 7 1/2 months pregnant. that was on christmas eve. her husband , scott , at the time said that he was fishing in the berkeley marina . now, in a strange twist in all of this, just yesterday separate from the skeletal remains i alluded to earlier a man hiking near the berkeley marina found a bone, and they are now looking at that as another possible lead in this case.
this person came across the bone at the shore . he brought it home and contacted the authorities , and we took possession of it.
well, we 're trying to find out if it's a human bone and whether or not it is related to the others.
reporter: and yet another reason why that bone could be a key link, there are reports that have surfaced that in terms of the female remains that were found the skeleton was not completely intact. now this case is also taking on a rather, we should say, almost a tv episodic forensic pathology angle because they 're going to bring in an expert on what's called alufating decay, and basically this person is going to come in here and look at the body . this is in the damage aspect of it . and they say these experts will be able to tell how long the body had been in there and if the remains of the almost full-term baby boy were inside the female 's remains at the time of death. also, the coroner could know right now but is not saying if there was some sort of trauma to either of these skeletons , for example, if they could see the bone compromised in some way they could tell if there had been a stab or a shooting. we may learn a lot more on this in just 15 minutes. that's because modesto police have scheduled a news conference and while they may not say much at all they could also drop some major bomb shells, lou . reporting live from martinez , california , i 'm paul vercammen , now back to you .
paul , let me ask you , if i may, quickly, are we expecting -- is there any reason for us to expect that there would be the ability to identify those remains as a result of these autopsies this afternoon?
reporter: it sounds like all of this will be too quick, and it seems underlying all this is there could be an absence of dental records. that's particularly important for the adult female remains . so now they 're going to have to turn to dna, and that's why they 're calling in these experts . some dna testing can be very quick, but sometimes it can take up to weeks, even more, lou .
okay. paul vercammen , thank you very much. as paul just reported, the modesto , california police department will be holding a news conference just a few minutes from now, and cnn of course will be carrying that news conference live. stay with us .
Russia misplayed Iraq hand, but damage to US relations not fatal: analysts by Dmitry Zaks
Silence is golden -- especially when your hand is weak -- top Moscow policy analysts said in an assessment of the fallout from Russia 's vocal opposition to what turned out to be a swift US -led campaign in Iraq .
Several top diplomacy experts told a Kremlin -run forum that countries like China and India that said little about the conflict before its March 20 launch were already reaping the benefits.
Some suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin will now be scrambling to contain the damage to his once-budding friendship with US President George W. Bush because he was poorly advised by his intelligence and defense aides .
One analyst said China -- which like Russia and France wields a UN Security Council veto but never threatened to use it to prevent the war -- recently won its role as chief mediator between the United States and North Korea because other regional powers ' confidence in Russia fell as a result of its Iraqi diplomacy.
" We are losing our positions in Asia because ... this failure of a strategic triangle that (Foreign Minister Igor) Ivanov invented with Germany and France ," fumed Andrei Piontkovsky of Moscow 's Center of Strategic Studies .
Negotiations between Washington and Pyongyang on their nuclear dispute have been set for April 23 in Bejing and are widely seen here as a blow to Moscow efforts to stamp authority on the region by organizing such a meeting.
Meanwhile the European "peace camp" troika finds itself in tricky diplomatic isolation from Washington .
French President Jacques Chirac received only a reserved response when he tried to mend fences by placing a telephone call Tuesday to Bush .
Meanwhile German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has not spoken to Bush since several weeks before the start of the war.
But not everyone here agreed that Moscow 's diplomatic relations with Washington had suffered as badly.
Most agreed that Russian diplomacy miscalculated and urged Putin to quickly reassess the quality of his advisers .
" Our analysis of foreign policy is lacking and often reverts to Cold War stereotypes," said former deputy foreign minister Anatoly Adamishin .
" We were so proud of forming an antiwar bloc with France and Germany -- but nations have not been forming such blocs for at least 12 years and someone in Moscow should have understood that it was impossible to avert this war."
" Our main goal now is to make sure that our relations with the United States do not suffer further -- and I think this is possible."
US diplomats have hinted in recent weeks that Washington 's anger with European resistance to the campaign was focused more on Paris -- and to a lesser extent Berlin -- than it was with Moscow .
Putin last spoke to Bush on April 5 at the US president 's own initiative. They are scheduled to meet next in the Russian leader 's native city of Saint Petersburg in late May.
" We lost nothing and won nothing -- this was not our war," said liberal lawmaker Irina Khakamada of the Union of Rightist Forces .
" We showed the Americans that we would not give up on our position in Iraq cheaply and we did not. We should continue sticking to our principles."
Khakamada argued that the United States would also need Russia 's help "to make the new Iraqi government seem legitimate."
Most analysts linked Russia 's opposition to a war in Iraq to fears that it will lose oil contracts that were sealed with the now-toppled regime of Saddam Hussein .
The floodgates of Iraqi oil are also now likely to open to world markets and hurt Russia 's budget revenues -- which are heavily reliant on revenues from its own energy exports.
But few at the Kremlin forum suggested that Putin 's own standing among voters will be hurt by Russia 's apparent diplomacy failures.
Putin will face re-election in March 2004 and analysts noted that the war -- while opposed by most Russians -- was never turned by the Kremlin into a matter of national security.
" I do not think that this will affect the elections unless Russia 's failure in Iraq is presented as an issue of national security -- and has not been yet," said Viktor Kuvaldin of a research center funded by former Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev .
Renowned UVA political scientist Larry Sabato this morning announced a $1,000,000 cash gift to the University of Virginia . The gift, payable over three years, is the largest ever given the university by an active faculty member , according to UVA President John Casteen . Sabato has written 23 books. Some of them have been read!
I 'm not ashamed to say that I 'm in the tank for Professor Sabato . He maintains his political independence as well as any pundit and this donation affirms that the words he 's always used to describe his commitment to UVA are genuine. He could have moved on to any number of tv or print opportunities, but has stayed in Charlottesville to continue his good works.
I 'd suggest Wahoos disenchanted with Pete Gillen rally around Sabato as the embodiment of their university 's excellence.
Feminists have a reason to celebrate today as an appeals court just threw out the convictions of their martyr , Andrea Yates , by ruling that one of the prosecutor 's expert witnesses gave false testimony at her trial.
Yates , in case you have forgotten, is the women from Texas who heinously drowned her five kids , aged 6 months to 7 years, one by one, in her bathtub. Liberal feminist organizations rushed to Yates ' defense, most notably the National Organization for Women , which provided money for her defense fund and held candlelight vigils. No such ceremonies were held for her five dead children .
In 2002 a jury sentenced Yates to life in prison for the deaths of three of her children . She was not tried in the deaths of the other two . Today the 1st Court of Appeals overturned the convictions and ordered a new trial. We can only hope for the same verdict.
i 'm rhonda schaffler , live from the new york stock exchange . where stocks are stuck in reverse. stocks have rallied for three months on a hope of a turnaround in the economy. investors ignoring upbeat signs about the economy today. a key gauge of future economic activity posted its biggest rise in 17 months. despite that the dow jones industrial average sliding at the moment by 76 points. general electronic using a dollar after three brokerage companies cut their profit expectation on the company . nasdaq off 0.75%. cnn 's "live from" continues after this.
Interview With Donald Rumsfeld; Lugar, Dodd Talk About Post-War Iraq; 
Welcome back to LATE EDITION. We return now to my interview earlier today with the United States defense secretary , Donald Rumsfeld .
I know during the war, before the war, you were very concerned about the position of the Syrian government , cooperating with Iraqis , having an open border , if you will. Has the situation improved, especially in the aftermath now of the secretary of state 's meeting with Bashar al-Asad ?
Well, I guess time will tell. I talked to Secretary Powell this morning on the phone a bit, and it's not, I think you need to let the dust settle on that. He 's, in my judgment, had a visit that was worth doing, and the president asked him to do it, and it was the right thing to do. We 'll see what progress comes. You know, words are one thing, actions are another.
But right now you 're open-minded as far as Syria on whether they will crack down on terrorism, take some of the other steps that you want them to take?
I know what they 've been doing, and it's been unhelpful. I know that Secretary Powell was just there and advised them that it was unhelpful, and gave them some pointers and some suggestions for the future. In my view, they were making some unwise decisions previously. What they 'll do after this visit remains to be seen.
The secretary of state has written you a letter expressing, apparently, some concern about the length that the prisoners are going to be spending, those detained at the U.S . Naval base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba , about 600 or so of them . Is there any movement in trying to determine the fate of these individuals ?
I don't think that's quite accurate as to what he wrote me about.
I think what he wrote me about was the fact that the inter- agency process, where we have all these FBI and Department of Justice and CIA and DIA , and what have you , involved in interrogating these detainees , it takes time to find out what intelligence they have. It also takes time to figure out what law enforcement process might be appropriate, and what Colin and I have been concerned about, both of us , is that it's taking so long. There are a number of countries , and the Department of State has the responsibility of dealing with those countries , that have foreign nationals in Gitmo , in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , being detained, and those countries , understandably, would like to know when they could have those people .So the inter- agency process takes a great deal of time. Colin and I are trying to speed up that process, and that's what that's all about.
Let me just, a couple of nuggets to sort of wrap up before I let you go. Victory parades for the troops . I remember covering General Schwarzkopf , the parades in Washington and New York after the first Gulf War. Do you want the troops to be honored in that way when they come back, to have parades in New York , Washington , elsewhere ?
There's no question but that the troops , the young men and women , did such a superb job that there has to be a way to honor them , and there will be. And General Franks and his team have done just a superb job for our country and for the world , and indeed for the Iraqi people , who have been liberated. What's the best way to do that? In the case of 1991, the task was to go in and get them out of Kuwait , and they did it, and they were properly greeted coming back to the United States . In this instance, it was a very different task. It was to remove that regime , and it's part of a global war on terrorism that is not over. We still have to face the problem of a number of global terrorist networks and terrorist states that exist, that work with those global networks . And on the one hand we will, in fact, find a way to honor the courage and dedication and talent of these young men and women , and we 'll do it well. Whether it will be modeled off the 1991 thing, I don't know. I kind of doubt it, because it's such a different circumstance. Certainly, our war plan was not modeled off of 1991.
One final question on North Korea . If the North Koreans pursue their nuclear weapons ambitions...
... a preemptive strike, is that something that is out there?
I 'm not one who speculates about things like that. I know that back in the 1990s, in the Clinton administration , Secretary Perry called in the former secretaries of defense, and we had a discussion, and they clearly had teed up a military option that they were considering, and they then at a certain moment were able to do some things that persuaded them that that was not appropriate. But those are very serious issues, and I leave them for the president .
iraqi forces are overwhelmed and could soon collapse. jessica lynch says she cannot wait to get home to west virginia . the 19-year-old army private spoke to her parents yesterday pie phone from a hospital in germany . greg lynch says that when he talked to his daughter she hadn't eaten in eight days and was quite hungry. the washington post is reporting she shot several iraqi soldiers before she was captured and she was shot herself , too. coming up on our next hour, u.s . forces edged toward the outskirts of baghdad and we 'll tell you what kind of resistance they 're fating from saddam hussein 's elite republican guard .
two southwest airline pilots were reportedly fired for stripping down. it wasn't part of a security check. " usa today " says the pilots were dismissed for allegedly taking off all or most of their clothes in the cockpit . i want to make that distinction there. the pilots are calling the sdebt -- incident a misunderstanding and appealing their termination.
U.S. Forces Hunt for Last of Saddam's Loyal Fighters
You are looking at live pictures of the White House where President Bush watched some of the television coverage of events in Baghdad today. Separately, Vice President Cheney shared his thoughts in a speech in New Orleans . With me now for more on all this, CNN 's senior White House correspondent John King . John , they have to be happy there .
Judy , they are. Behind the scenes privately here you get a palpable sense of vindication, although publicly caution is the watchword here , administration officials from the vice president on down saying the war is not over yet. Some of the toughest fighting could still be ahead. Mostly they believe in those northern Iraq areas Brent Sadler was just talking about before the break. But they do believe the pictures out of Baghdad today, on the one hand, send as powerful a message as you can send to the people in the Arab world who have criticized this war. People in Baghdad celebrating. U.S . troops assisting in pulling down that statue of Saddam Hussein . Across the Arab world , the administration hopes to send a signal that the United States is there to help the Iraqi people regain control of their own country , as a liberty, not as any imperial or occupying force. Of course, at the same time, though, the White House worries that the American people might see these pictures and think the war is over. Defense Secretary Rumsfeld and Vice President Cheney among those saying the toughest fighting might still lie ahead, still unanswered questions about the whereabouts of Saddam Hussein and other key members of the Iraqi leadership . The vice president made that argument today. But even as he sounds that note of caution, you do sense a little tiny bit of we told you so.
 DICK CHENEY, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
Bottom line, with less than half of the ground forces and two-thirds of the air assets used 12 years ago in Desert Storm, Secretary Rumsfeld and General Franks have achieved a far more difficult objective. Yet until this war is fully won, we cannot be overconfident in our position. And we must not underestimate the desperation of whatever forces remain loyal to the dictator .
We will not hear from the president today, we are told, but before the week is out and perhaps as early as tomorrow officials say the president is likely to offer his thoughts on the challenges just ahead. So, again, behind the scenes, a sense of vindication, but also a cautious attitude because of the fighting still to come. I have to tell you , though, Judy , the CIA Director George Tenet walked out of the White House a short time ago with a giant smile on his face. I cannot recall a moment since September 11, 2001 and those tragic events when we have seen the CIA director look so happy.
Well, John , given all that you 've said, we know that there's an American retired general waiting in Kuwait . But in addition to that, what steps are they already taking at the White House to plan for a post- Saddam Hussein government in Iraq ?
They are planning to accelerate that planning process. Jay Garner the retired general will go into Iraq soon with his troops soon. I say troops . They are civilians from the U.S. government . That will take place soon. They are awaiting for word from the Pentagon that it believes the security environment is secure enough for that to happen. And beginning as early as next week, there will be a series of town meetings, if you will. The invitations will be issued by General Tommy Franks . They are trying to identify Iraqis from within the country , as well as Iraqi dissidents and exiles , the diaspora they call it here at the White House , who will be part of a planning process to begin the process -- they say it could takes weeks or more -- of selecting who should be part of that interim Iraqi authority . Now, we know, one person who will be invited is planning process, those planning meetings, is Ahmed Chalabi . He is the leader of the Iraqi National Congress . He is known to be a favorite of Vice President Dick Cheney , of Defense Secretary Rumsfeld and Secretary Rumsfeld 's top deputy , Paul Wolfowitz . He will be involved in the planning and in those meetings. But I also should report that there is a sense of annoyance here at the White House , even among some of Mr . Chalabi 's top supporters, that, since returning to Iraq in recent days, he has complained frequently, including on our air earlier today, that the United States is moving too slowly to get in the reconstruction efforts, to restore electricity and restore water. Over at the Pentagon today, Defense Secretary Rumsfeld , again, a supporter of Mr . Chalabi , said that, in his view, services were already at their prewar levels. And Mr . Rumsfeld went on to say, Secretary Rumsfeld went on to say, there is still a war going on, still quite a dangerous situation -- Judy .
Yes, we caught some of that irritation in his choice. All right, John King , our senior White House correspondent , thank you . Still to come: warfare amid the celebrations in Baghdad . As Iraqis poured into the streets to mark their apparent new freedom, American troops come under fire from a different area . CNN 's Martin Savidge will show us what they came up against at Baghdad University .
According to the usually reliable CNN /Money, the "Twin Deficits" will continue to grow . Interesting terminology... I believe they 're referring to the budget deficit and... the capital surplus? When analyzing trade deficits, it's important to realize that the amount by which imports exceed exports is also equal to the net amount foreign investors have bet on the US . So the trade deficit is due to a confluence of the pressures from US consumers ( who control about 20% of global GDP) and everybody else (excluding the non-consumption share of US GDP, that would amount to around 75% of global GDP). Which of those is -- probably -- going to be a more important number?
Even if we are consumers bent on gorging ourselves with imported goods, the largest pressure on the deficit is that we 're simply a better place for investment -- higher returns on capital in developing countries are more than mitigated by the higher political risks they face. And what about that other deficit? It, of course, is the ominous sum that we fund without taxes, but by borrowing funds. And about half of those borrowings end up with the major banks in Asia . So, not to be a heretic, but 1) We 're issuing them at relatively low interest rates, 2) Inflation is bound to pick up eventually, and so 3) Wouldn't you rather have our deficits made up by economically nonsensical purchases by non- US investors , rather than raising taxes in America ? It's a question of who will pay for the same spending, and all else being equal I 'd be happy for Asian central banks to pick up the tab. The Twin Deficits are a reality, but they aren't exactly a terrifying one.
convicted rapist and max factor heir andrew luster is back in california . luster returned to los angeles yesterday from mexico following his capture tuesday by american bounlty hunters . luster skipped bail during his trial in january for raping and drugging three women . he was sentenced in an sten shah to 124 years in prison .
Lynch Travels Back to U.S.; Is Life in Iraq Stabilizing?; Is Bush 
A reminder, Jessica Lynch coming back to the United States within the hour. Tonight, a special on the rescue of Jessica Lynch . That's at 8:30 p.m. Eastern, 5:30 Pacific. Well, after many trying months of defending Saddam Hussein , Ambassador Mohammed Aldouri finally said the game is over. Now, his tenure at the United Nations is over, too. Last night before leaving the United States , Aldouri said he hopes to see free elections in a free Iraq . CNN 's Richard Roth has more on this once prominent frontman for the Iraqi regime .
 RICHARD ROTH, CNN SENIOR U.N. CORRESPONDENT (voice-over) 
The last time Iraqi 's U.N . ambassador addressed the Security Council , the U.S . ambassador walked out in protest.
 MOHAMMED ALDOURI, IRAQI AMBASSADOR TO U.N. (through translator) 
What happened is that the Iraqi army up until now has not confronted the United States forces .
But now, it's the Iraqi ambassador 's time to leave, the United States .
The game is over. I hope that peace will prevail, and that the Iraqi people at the end of the day will have a peaceful life.
Mohammed Aldouri spent more years as a university professor than as a diplomat . In New York , he briefed people interested in his country , recently a group of Lehigh University students . But he never got comfortable in the media glare before and especially during the war.
(UNINTELLIGIBLE) has happened with you ? Please, why did you come here?
And at the U.N ., all ambassadors carry out their instructions whether they agree with them or not.
Well, I think that he had a very, very difficult task. He defended the positions of his country with courage, I would say.
He 's a decent man , and I hope he finds a decent life representing a decent government .
Aldouri also drew support from opponents of the war a gift of paper cranes. But on the eve of Aldouri 's departure, women representing the Daughters of the American Revolution passed by, wanting to let fly with something else.
If I had eggs, I would like to throw eggs at him .
U.N . diplomats don't toss eggs, just nods. Several months ago, the U.S . ambassador , John Negroponte , and the Iraqi ambassador almost locked eyes. And forget about Kuwait .
Not one word, except a normal greeting of, "Hello, how are you ?"
That was as close as residents of New York 's Upper East Side district got to know Aldouri , who kept a low profile, like many in the big city . It 's a neighborhood you wouldn't expect the diplomatic post of an enemy government to turn up.
I am very thankful for the people of New York , for their generosity. This is a very decent people . I was really -- without talking about the problem in Iraq , I was really happy to be here in New York , within the people of New York .
Aldouri was worried most about the people of Iraq .
When I see, what I 've seen, what you see, my heart squeezes blood.
Aldouri was in better spirits as he departed for the airport with a final message.
I hope that the United States Army will leave Iraq soon, and we will have free election for a free government for a free future for Iraq and the people for Iraq . This is my message to you , to the people of the United States .
The ambassador 's prime concern now: his family in Iraq . One day he hopes to teach again back home . Richard Roth , CNN , United Nations .
We 'll try to track his progress and see if he 's able to do that, Ambassador Aldouri . Still ahead, looters cast about for new places to loot, and chaos is king in Baghdad . We 'll have a report.
senators and a good teacher believes in the possibilities of every boy and girl . the good teacher sees what is possible. a good teacher believes in the responsibility of every school to bring out the best in every student . and 2001, we passed what's called the no child left behind legislation. i love tha phrase, because it's a commitment of our nation to make sure that not only does every child excel, but no child gets left behind. members of both parties , both republicans and democrats came together to pass this law inherent in the law is the vision of high standards. and money to meet the standards. an historic reforms. all of which put the education decisions of america in the hands of teachers and principals and local officials . but we also said that as we seek excellence for every child , we must design accountability systems at the state level to determine whether or not each child is learning. in order to make sure no child gets left behind, we must understand whether or not each child is learning to read and write and add and subtract. if there are, there will be plenty of praise. if not, we will work to design programs to make sure no child gets left behind. that's the crux of the law. every state met the laws january 31st deadline for submitting their accountability plans for approval. i 'm pleased to announce that secretary page has approved plans from arkansas , missouri and washington state . which bring the -- which bring the total number of approved plans to 16 covering 16 million children in public schools across america . secretary page and his department will continue working with the rest of the states to get the plans approved as quickly as possible. people are responding to the challenge at the local level. people are beginning to develop the accountability systems to show your states and your communities that you 're doing your job. leaving no doubt in the minds of the parents and taxpayers and citizens , some of whom praise public schools , some are critical of public schools , that you 're performing. they will understand why you 're here being honored in washington , d.c . as one of the top 54 teachers around our country . education reform depends on good laws and good plans but you and i know it ultimately depends on good teachers . last june states submitted to the department of education strategies for ensuring that all teachers are highly qualified. by this september, states will assess the programs they expect to make by 2005 and 2006 school year. the department is working with states to help teachers meet new definitions of teacher quality, so that every classroom will have a well-trained highly effective teacher like you all . our 2003 national teacher of the year is an example of the highest professional standards. and the finest personal qualities. betsy rogers teaches first and second grade students and leads alabama . she is an accomplished teacher with 22 years in the profession. she could have her pick of any school . yet she chooses to teach in the school in an underprivileged rural area because she believes that devoted teachers and principals can make a difference in the lives of students from every background. teaching is a tradition in betsy 's family . her grandmother was a teacher . her mother taught sunday school for 50 years. and her own career betsy rogers is known for a commitment to students that goes beyond school hours. she gives before school tutoring to students who need extra help learning to read. and volunteers on school committees after hours. she attends sporting events and birthday parties for her students . she helps the familiar list of disadvantaged students through local church and community groups . betsy also encourages her students to help each other no matter what your circumstances in life, you can always give. teachers like betsy rogers put children on the road to becoming good citizens . as importantly, successful adults . they show students that there are a lot of caring people ready to help along the way. i thank every one of our teachers of the year for your determination and your love. each of you is an example of excellence in the classroom . each of you is a model for a young teacher to follow. and your students are fortunate to have talented and good-hearted people in their lives. and our nation is fortunate to have you in the classroom . thank you for your work. may god bless what you do. and now i 'm pleased to introduce the national teacher of the year betsy rogers . [ applause ]
2:58, a.m., explosions reported around the palestine hotel where international journalists are staying. a u.s . tank shelled the hotel in response to sniper fire. the blast kills two cameramen , one from spanish tv , another from reuters . three reuters journalist were killed. 5:33 a.m., martin savidge says the marines have found chemical protection suits and antidotes for chemical weapons in a field beside an industrial complex in southeast baghdad . nearby they found abandoned weapons and artillery case, which they demolished. 7:00 a.m., u.s . central command says the coalition may never know if iraqi president saddam hussein survived a u.s . air strike yesterday. a b-1 bomber dropped four 2,000-pound bombs on a building in a residential area of baghdad after getting intelligence reports senior officials were meeting there , possibly including saddam hussein and his sons . brigadier general vince brooks confirmed a usa-10 warthog aircraft was shot down by an iraqi missile today. the pilot ejected and was rescued.
the slogan makes for a powerful bumper sticker -- guns don't kill people , people do! but this next story makes the case the slogan doesn't go far enough. a better one might be, people do and people die and still other people search their souls and struggle for redemption. the story from "newsnight's" beth nissen .
reporter : it was the lead story across connecticut in early april, police say jennifer o'conner , a connecticut woman with a history of psychiatric problems confessed to shooting her daughter 7, while the 7 -year-old girl lay sleeping. o'conner told police she could no longer cope with her daughter daughter 's learning, disability prps sara dade three days later. thomas , owner a local gun and motorcycle shop , said he felt gutted when he saw the news reports of o'conner 's vest on murder charges.
as soon as the police officers pulled the gun out and held it up, i knew it was my rifle .
reporter : had sold oconer the rifle a few months before.
she explained to me she . ed a lighter, smaller caliber hunting gun for deer hunting, for medium-size game hunting.
reporter : followed the letter of law. he sent oconeor 's information to the state authoritys for a background check. once she was cleared, he made o'conner wait for a minimum. two weeks. he
A CNN poll asks readers to rate the president 's State of the Union speech last night. After 90,000 votes Mr. Bush has a 'C-C+' grade across the board, meaning 45,000 Republicans gave him an 'A' and 45,000 liberals failed him .
But a new CNN / USA Today /Gallup poll suggests more people side with the president . 70 percent of respondents said Bush 's policies on health care were positive, while 66 percent approved of the president 's plan for Social Security. 78 percent said U.S. policy in Iraq is hading in the right direction, a 12 percentage point increase over pre-speech polling. Overall, 77 percent of respondents said Bush is taking the country in the right direction after the speech compared to 67 percent beforehand.
And who wasn't moved by the embrace of mother of a soldier killed in Iraq and the daughter of a man killed by Saddam Hussein 's regime ? It was a beautiful moment last night that resulted in the longest standing ovation of the evening.
Today the parents of Marine Corps Sgt. Byron Norwood said the Iraqi woman , Safia Taleb al-Suhail , had turned and introduced herself just before the speech.
" She thanked us for our son 's sacrifice and made sure we knew the people in Iraq were grateful for the sacrifices that were made not just by our son , but by all of them ," Janet Norwood said.
It was an uplifting moment suggesting that maybe we 're doing the right thing. I talked to a friend currently serving in Iraq last night and he says morale is up and the presence of troops is a positive thing. They just can't pack up and leave. Not just yet. We must be patient.
we are able to resupply, rearm and refuel very close to the area we were working in. no other fife navy ship could have gotten in the water. no other ship could have done the command and control.
from these special warfare boats . one concern these men have in the waterways of iraq is the threat of an ambush, so there are five weapon stations on the special operations craft . they include grenade launchers and machine guns .
reporter: more than 100 vessels searched and secured in four days, legitimate merchants turned smugglers , all aboard ship that are potential hidaways for iraqi weapons and soldiers . commanding this mission, lieutenant jay keller .
that's what we 're doing as we come through here and completely search theses have else to make sure there's no one lurking on there with weapons or rpgs or some other pad to take down helos that are flying by or any other ships that are coming in through here .
reporter: keller takes us onboard an iraqi vessel , one of the most common threats lurking around the sea bed.
this is the railway system. what you see here, you see the rollers and you can stack four mines out here and roll them off the back as they 're transitting through.
these crewmen search the boast and collect these log, peppered with pictures of iraqi president saddam hussein . all along the waterways , iraqi sailors wave to heller 's crew . they hand out food and medical supplies when they k..
no cigarettes. this is a working middle class that wants to work and make money for themselves and they understand that when we come in here , we 'll make that available to them .
hopefully, paying huge dividends to the iraqi people in the long run as forces like jay keller 's detachment continues to pay off big in "operation iraqi freedom." along the waterway in southern iraq , kyra phillips , cnn .
u.s .-led forces are approaching iraq 's capital after destroying the medina and baghdad divisions of the republican guard . we 'll have that story and all of the latest developments in "operation iraqi freedom" just two minutes away. i 'm kathleen kennedy . you 've been watching cnn headline news.
164 days after the expiration of the federal "assault weapons " ban some lunatic opened fire with an AK-47 outside a Texas courthouse .
A brave civilian with a concealed weapons permit tried to stop him but was gunned down by David Hernandez Arroyo Sr , the scumbag who happened to be wearing body armor at the time and who also took out his ex- wife over a child support dispute. Nice.
I wouldn't be surprised if this Arroyo character ( who was killed by police as he tried to flee) had a serious criminal past but has been allowed to walk free due to our lax judicial process.
Absolutely not. This case tells us two things: that concealed weapons permit holders respond faster than police because we are in greater numbers, and that criminals wear body armor too - so it's ridiculous to claim that we should outlaw guns that are "too powerful" for civilian use.
Perhaps someone with a Five-seveN (the gun the Brady Campaign calls the " cop-killer " and is trying to ban) could have been more effective at stopping the armor-wearing gunner .
God bless you , Mark Wilson , 52, a true patriot who died today trying to stop this despicable maniac .
tense of thousands of additional u.s . troops are getting ready to join coalition forces fighting the war in iraq . the first departures are already underway at fort hood texas . cnn 's jamie kolbe is there reporting, jamie on these families who are saying good-bye to their loved ones .
reporter : and this is a military town , judy and little by little we are seeing these soldiers head out. in a strange way and this may sound unusual, there's a little sense of relief because these soldiers were set to leave in january and now they got second deployment orders, the delay, of course, the inability to get access to turkey , but along the way, the 4th infantry division is one seeped in tradition and there's a real sense of pride among the soldiers , 250 of which left yesterday, over the course of the week 12,000 will be leaving from here . another 4,000 from fort carson in colorado and it dates back to world war i. their equipment that left on january is now on a ship on its way south through the suez canal and it's interesting to note some of the equipment that's been held up for the last couple of months, there are some 5 helicopters , 200 tanks as well as 150 bradley infantry fighting vehicles . these are highly trained soldiers . they are ready to go. they are happy to be finally able to come and back up the first wave of troops that left from here . their mission is very broad, judy to deploy anywhere in the world in support of national strategy. they doan know what they 'll be doing. they will learn that once they get there their first stop will be to central command, they 'll receive more specific orders. they will be join by the first cavalry . they have received deployment orders. they have not yet been told to make final arrangements. they all tell me , the soldiers you talk to and also some of the information people here at fort hood , they train like they fight. they are ready. they are determined and they are very patriotic in support of our country . they are going over there to do a mission they believe in and as we said, 250 left yesterday. they were armedded with their m-16s , they are concerned. their families were here to see them off, but they are determined to return though it is interesting to note that many of them , so many with young children have told their kids that mom or dad could be away for as long as a year. judy ?
it's -- i don't think we can say it often enough, jamie . it's got
Portland Trail Blazers coach Maurice Cheeks received permission Monday to interview for the Philadelphia 76ers ' vacant coaching job, possibly dooming the candidacy of Eddie Jordan , a Nets assistant who interviewed for that same position earlier this week.
Cheeks , a former Sixers star , is believed to be Philadelphia 's top choice to replace Larry Brown , who resigned last week as coach and was introduced Monday as the coach of the Detroit Pistons .
Portland finally gave Cheeks the go-ahead to interview with the Sixers , according to a league source familiar with the discussions. The Cleveland Cavaliers also formally introduced Paul Silas as their coach Monday.
Jordan met with the Sixers on Sunday, according to a person close to the situation. Jordan declined to comment on the conversation.
While Jordan has been rumored to be a candidate for a number of spots, only Toronto and Philadelphia have inquired about him .
Brown takes over a team that won an Eastern Conference -leading 50 games and advajcuf to the conference finals before being swept by the Nets . Detroit holds the No. 2 pick in the upcoming NBA draft.
Silas is taking over a team that lost 65 games and will pin its future on the high school phenom LeBron James .
Scrappy underdog Netflix had its day earlier in the year, when it became one of the hottest stocks around (sporting an eye-popping P/E in the high 900's on the way up, and, thanks to a poor earnings report, over 1,000 on the way down). There's plenty of argument about the future of DVD and video rental, and Netflix represents a pure-play on one of the three dominant hypotheses:
I. That business is O-V-E-R -- Between pay-per-view, video-on-demand, pirated movies, high-bandwidth Internet broadcasts, and the increasing availability of other media, it takes some faith to see any future for movie rentals. Those who don't have the requisite faith will point to these factors as proof that the business is dying and the movie business in general will need a pretty significant overhaul before it can make profits. Movie rentals are no longer a cheap alternative to other ways of viewing films; they're the stodgy, expensive way. There aren't any pure-play buys on this theory, but someone who believes it might overweight their portfolio in cable companies -- if they purchased any media stocks at all. Of course, there have been companies whose performance would perfectly mimic the validity of this idea, but Psuedo.com failed without producing a single show, and Broadcast.com was swallowed for $6 billion by Yahoo !, to Yahoo !'s great regret.
II. Not so fast -- it'll just go online! -- Anyone who wants to counter that argument would probably start by taking us back to 1997, when in terms of time used, text was the most popular kind of information online. At the time, and for years after, people argued that the traditional bookstore would become obsolete. After all, how could we stand for a rapaciously arborcidal medium like 'books' or 'newspapers' when we could transmit the same data as bits and bytes and save on transportation, too? As it turns out, of course, Amazon.com , BarnseandNoble.com , and a host of others simply took the bookstore model, attached a 56K modem, and declared themselves The Future. Netflix is doing much the same thing: Taking the traditional business online to cut costs and boost customer service.
III. Who d' you think you 're kidding? You can't kill movie rental stores -- So there's a big difference between movies and books: For books, the retail store is practically the sole medium of distribution; if you don't sell through them , books won't get sold. For movies, the video rental store is just one way to get videos out there (though at 45-55% of studio revenues, it 's a much more important one than people think). But given the high valuations ascribed to bricks-and-mortar-and-dead tree booksellers like Barnes and Noble , Borders , and to a much lesser extent Books-A-Million , surely there's room for a Blockbuster , along with a Movie Gallery or two. The latter , at least, still has room to grow. By focusing on smaller, rural communities (preferably the sort that considers DSL 'newfangled') they 're WalMarting WalMart -- competing with Walmart 's awful in-store video rentals by offering better selection and much lower prices.
The movie business is changing dramatically as the potential for online distribution grows, but like every other business it leaves lots of room for traditional operators to operate at traditional (read: high) profits. The aggressive bidding war for Hollywood Video , featuring two of their competitors , a buyout shop , and one of the savviest raiders around, is proof that some people still think these stores are worth something. And I 'm one of them .
Full Disclosure: For once, I 'm actually writing about something I own: I have shares of Movie Gallery , I 've suggested it to friends , and I 'd be quite thrilled if the stock went up. I don't do 'sell targets', but I 'd probably hold the stock if it ran up anything less than 50% from this level. If I sell, I 'll post a notification one trading day beforehand. Because Lord knows you care.
off the coast there was a dramatic rescue by a cruise ship ship. canada tv has the story and some dramatic pictures.
reporter: with winds bliping at more than 100 kilometers an hour, three mendes pratly cling to their sinking niching boat . the crew sent out a distress call after it started taking on water.
suddenly we realized water came into the engine room and it was rising and they started to pump, of course, and they pumped and pumped and the water came more and more and more.
reporter: the ship was sinking by the second, and as the waves pounded against them , waiting for help was their only option. their life raft had already been snitched away by the high seas.
when we got the information, it was only 23, 25 miles off. so we were quite close.
reporter: still is took the royal caribbean cruise ship " raidience of the seas " almost an hour to reach the scene and despite the rough ocean , the captain immediately sent a boat in to save them .
they were jumping in the sea when they saw the rescuers were on the way. they were swimming toward the boat .
i pulled out the youngest guy first and then i wanted to pull out the captain , but the captain said take
Microscopic microcap Everlast , mainly a maker of boxing equipment, has soared over the last several days thanks to a licensing deal with Jacques Moret allowing Moret to buy out their women 's apparel license for $30 million, on top of a $12.5 million payment now. In other words, a competitor has decided that one segment of the company 's business is potentially worth $42.5 million. Investors have prudently valued the remaining business -- the extremely well-known Everlast brand, the possible new reality TV show, and most of the company 's assets -- at a negative $16.5 million. The company 's stock would have to rise more than 50% from the current level to put a zero value on that business . And, who knows? It might.
an american astronaut and russian cosmonaut are settling in at the international space station . a russian soyuz capsule dropped them off this morning after docking perfectly at the orbiting outpost . it was the first manned flight to the space station since the february first shuttle " columbia " disaster. about 90 minutes after the docking, the crews opened the hatch between the two spacecraft . edward lu and yuri malenchenko of russia will spend the next six months in the space station . they 're replacing the two astronauts and one cosmonaut currently there . the soyuz will carry that crew back to earth may 4th.
This is absolutely amazing news. Finally, the Democrats are finally realizing that the American people support the rights of unborn children and may soon revamp their platform to accommodate the morals and values that at least half of this country possesses. Of course, I 'm sure the Democrats would also like to start winning elections again. From the Los Angeles Times : After long defining itself as an undisputed defender of abortion rights, the Democratic Party is suddenly locked in an internal struggle over whether to redefine its position to appeal to a broader array of voters .
The fight is a central theme of the contest to head the Democratic National , particularly between two leading candidates : former Vermont Gov . Howard Dean , who supports abortion rights, and former Indiana Rep . Tim Roemer , an abortion foe who argues that the party cannot rebound from its losses in the November election unless it shows more tolerance on one of society 's most emotional conflicts. No Democrat with any respect for his unraveling party would ever mention Howard Dean 's name again. The fact that he didn't win a single primary outside his home state shows that the country does not embrace his radical liberalism.
Of course outspoken organizations such as Planned Parenthood , which gives a lot of money to Democrats , will fight with everything they 've got to keep the Democratic platform as liberal as possible.
Results from the last few elections suggest that wouldn't be such a good idea if they ever want to gain more power in Congress .
Chinese agencies suspend Middle East tours due to war risk
Most Beijing travel agencies have suspended tourist trips to the Middle East as tension heightens in the Gulf region , Thursday's Beijing Youth Daily reports.
Out of security concerns, major travel agencies , including the China International Travel Service , China Travel Service and China Youth Tourism Service , have temporarily suspended tours to Egypt and Turkey for Chinese tourists .
According to Dun Jidong of the China Travel Service , once war breaks out between the United States and Iraq , not only will Middle East travel routes be frozen but the entire overseas travel business will be affected.
The only few travel agencies still organizing visits to the Middle East have increased their prices by 500 to 600 Yuan (60 to 72 US dollars). An 8-day visit to Egypt and Turkey , for instance, has increased to 12,500 Yuan (1,506 US dollars).
According to a staff member with one travel agency still doing Middle East business, the increases reflect the rise in oil prices and the increased difficulty in getting visas.
Asked about the possible war, he said, if tours were curtailed because of a war emergency, the agency would refund the portion of the costs covering the remainder of the trip.
Lawyer reprimanded for Chiluba's failure to appear in court
The lawyer of former Zambian president Frederick Chiluba was reprimanded by a Lusaka magistrate when his client failed to appear in court on theft charges Friday.
Chiluba , who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office, did not appear at the Lusaka magistrates court as scheduled because he has filed an appeal to have case heard at a higher court .
Chiluba 's lawyer , Chifumu Banda , told the court he had advised Chiluba not to appear in court Friday, following an agreement with the prosecution that the case be postponed for a month while the appeal is considered.
``The matter is before this court and whether an accused person wishes to request for an adjournment or they wish to be absent for any other reason, such a request must be done here ,'' said Magistrate Christopher Shacifwa .
He said lawyers could not decide on postponements between themselves .
Shacifwa ordered Chiluba to appear in court on May 16.
Chiluba faces 65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha (US$3 million) in cash from the Zambia National Commercial Bank in Lusaka .
Chiluba was Zambia 's first democratically elected president . He came to office in 1991 and served two five-year terms.     
In a horribly deceitful manner, the Brady Campaign has released "report cards" for every state on their gun laws that supposedly shield children from gun violence. Thirty-one states received either a "D" or an "F" from the anti- gun group . I 've got all the goods in a new article I wrote for GunControlPolicy.com . Not surprisingly my home state of Florida received a "D+" for reasons that are just plain laughable and of course have nothing to do with kids .
a pizza delivery helped police nab the suspect in the kidnapping of a 9-year-old california girl . 24-year-old enrique alvarez , also known as david cruz , was arrested monday in san jose . he is expected to be arraigned wednesday. he 's charged with kidnapping, felony assault and sexual assault. the girl was found late sunday at a convenience store in east palo alto . police say she told them a pepperoni pizza had been delivered to the house where she was held. detectives were able to track the order to the house , where they found alvarez hiding in the attic .
Philippine government dismisses Estrada still-be-president claim
The Philippine Presidential Palace Friday dismissed as an "old tune" deposed leader Joseph Estrada 's claim that he was still the country 's legitimate president .
Presidential Chief of Staff Rigoberto Tiglao said Estrada 's camp was trying to revive the issue on the legality of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo 's administration when this was upheld twice by the Supreme Court .
"This is an old tune as far as the Palace is concerned," Tiglao said hours after Estrada petitioned the anti-graft court , the Sandiganbayan , to dismiss the government charges against him , citing "lack of jurisdiction" since he was still the president .
Meanwhile, the court shrugged off the claim of Estrada 's lawyer Alan Paguia that its ruling on the legitimacy of the Arroyo administration was illegal and cautioned that the tribunal 's decision was final and could not be overturned by the Sandiganbayan .
The Sandiganbayan Special Division Friday reset for June 16 the resumption of Estrada 's plunder case hearing, which was originally scheduled for June 2.
Estrada , who was ousted in a military-backed popular revolt in January 2001, has been detained for almost two years at the Veterans Memorial Medical Center in Metro Manila on plunder charges.
It's Auburn - Georgia week, ladies and gentlemen . After all the smack talk that's gone on for the last 360 days, and all of the games that both teams have played and the hopes each had for the 2004 season, it's come down to this.
To stay undefeated and alive for a chance at the BCS title game, Auburn must win this Saturday in it's 3:30 EST game on CBS against the Georgia Bulldogs .
If they hope to move up from their current number five ranking and keep the hope alive of playing in the SEC Title Game in December, Georgia must beat Auburn .
This game is as good as it gets. Sure, Auburn 's in-state rival is Alabama , but year in and year out, this game, the Auburn - UGA game, seems like the one that matters more. I seldom if ever root for Bama , but I always root for UGA to be undefeated when the play Auburn . The game is big enough already, but it seems even bigger when one or both teams have something on the line.
Yes, both teams have other games left to play and yes, other teams ' results may affect what happens to both of these teams , but in just five days, these two teams will play the biggest and most important game of their season.
So now it's time for all of the yapping and jawing and talking shit that goes with this game.
Except I don't do that. I can't do that. Anytime I try to talk shit, I get all nauseous and worry about what happens not if but WHEN we lose. I don't know if it's just me or if being this pragmatic is what it means to be an Auburn fan . I wonder if deep down THIS is what it feels like to be a Red Sox fan : regardless of where you are or what is happening to your team , deep down you don't just think, you KNOW something bad is going to happen.
Anyway, I am flying my flag on my house with pride and I am looking forward to the game that, year in and year out, gives us the best hitting and mos entertaining football played on the highest level. It's SEC football at it's core.
well, also in england , he 's rich, handsome, got millions of adoring fans , and today he celebrates a birthday, big 21. prince william , second in line to the british throne, cnn 's walter rodgers has the story.
reporter: in days of yore, an english prince , a king in waiting would be charging off to battle on a horse, just before his 21st birthday, prince william is chasing a polo ball, such of what has become of the british monarchy over time. buckingham palace released his pictures of william , brother harry and their father , prince charles in what some see as a skilled marketing campaign to sell the monarchy to the next generation of britains . after 15 years of scandals and embarrassment, many see prince william as the house of windsor 's only hope .
it 's the young people he needs to appeal to. by the time he gets to the throne, it's going to be in 40 years, the young people of today that need to be his fans .
reporter: william does not lack for fans . those who wept when his mother , princess di anna , died, apparently transfered their affection to her eldest son . he is part teen idol , part king in the making, but unlike his father , prince charles , who is likely to precede him to the throne, this prince sustains -- disdains being called your royal highness, signing his name, william wales.
i would think that if you asked anyone if william is normal, every single person would say, absolutely normal. but slightly more serious than most young men his age.
reporter: prince william is most at ease with those closest to him . those he can trust not to run to britain 's gossipy feed ya. despite prince charles ' ugly divorce with princess di anna , the affection between father and son is now palpable and enviable.
reporter: the younger king in the making calls britain 's next king pa. william , once his mother 's confidante and protector now sees the apple of his father 's eye.
was chasing him with a stick, and the horse was ducking.
reporter: there's a huge birthday bash for william at windsor castle , more than 300 guests invited, all ffk , friends of the future king . that birthday party has now been under way about
Bush , Putin pal up after Iraq spat, but Iran row simmers
ATTENTION - ADDS Russian foreign minister , US official quotes ///
SAINT PETERSBURG , June 1 ( AFP ) - US President George W. Bush and Russian President Vladimir Putin said Sunday their friendship was as strong as ever, laying aside a dispute over the Iraq war, but barely concealing a simmering row over Iran 's nuclear program.
After talks in Saint Petersburg 's grand Konstantinovsky Palace , they also warned North Korea to abandon its nuclear aspirations and signed documents implementing the Moscow Treaty, which mandates sharp cuts in Cold War nuclear weapons stocks.
Swapping smiles, handshakes and hugs at a joint press appearance after talks linked to Saint Petersburg 's 300th anniversary celebrations, Bush and Putin set out to recreate the buddy atmosphere of their previous encounters.
" Our relations are stronger than the events that tested it," said Putin , stressing that despite diverging over Iraq , Russia and the United States had many common interests.
"It is precisely these things that enable me to call President Bush my friend , not only personally -- because I do like him a lot -- but as my counterpart and the president of a friendly nation ," he said, earning a grin from Bush .
But both men observed an uneasy truce over US concerns about Russian aid to the nuclear program of Iran , whom Bush has labeled part of an " axis of evil " that also included Iraq and North Korea .
" We are concerned about Iran 's advanced nuclear program and urge Iran to comply in full with its obligations under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty," Bush said.
A senior US diplomat said Bushehr remains one of the biggest irritants in Russia - US relations.
" We think that it would be wise for Russia to go slow on the Bushehr project until the wider Iranian nuclear program is more clearly understood," the US diplomat said after the informal summit talks.
" Our belief is that any proliferation, coming from any source, should be stopped."
The United States believes that what Iran says is a peaceful civilian nuclear program is a pretext for weapons manufacture.
Washington has been pressuring Russia to stop building a nuclear power plant in Bushehr , southern Iran , which it has so far declined to do.
" I appreciate Vladimir Putin 's understanding of the issue and his willingness to work with me and others to solve this potential problem," said Bush .
Putin insisted that the two sides were "closer than they seem" on the issue.
" We do not need to be convinced of the fact that there should no proliferation of weapons of mass destruction," he said.
But in a sharp remark that jolted the bonhomie, Putin warned Russia was not yet ready to sever nuclear ties with Iran .
" We are against the pretext of using the nuclear weapons program in Iran as a lever in unfair business competition against us ," he said.
Bush signalled that Russia would not pay a similar price as France and Germany for opposing the US -led war in Iraq , inviting his "good friend " Putin to his weekend retreat outside Camp David in Washington in September.
Putin last visited Bush at his Texas ranch in November 2001.
There was no word on the fate of billions of dollars of Russian oil contracts in Iraq , whose oil industry is now under the administration of the United States and Britain in line with latest UN resolutions, which Russia was persuaded to back.
But Putin noted that " Russian companies have a wealth of experience operating in Iraq and we intend to continue our cooperation in this area , with Iraq and in Iraq ."
"What the president ( Putin ) meant was that at times, and we have come across this, there were unreasonable complaints about Russian companies ' cooperation with Iran ," said Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov , pointing the finger clearly at the United States after the summit.
Bush and Putin also signed formal documents putting into effect a strategic arms reduction treaty that slashes the two sides ' nuclear weapons to a range of 1,700 to 2,200 nuclear warheads by the year 2012.
Bush arrived in Saint Petersburg on Saturday, when he also briefly met German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder , whose opposition to the Iraq war had soured his relationship with Washington , at a dinner hosted by Putin .
Bush and Putin were scheduled to leave straight after their talks for the Group of Eight summit of the largest industrialised nations in Evian , France .
time now to check the business news with carrie lee in new york . carrie . a you said it, renay . the dow was in negative territory much of the day. a couple stocks losing ground, coca cola , down 6.1%. they did okay on the profit quarter, but the taste vowel came in late for all the regions that's why it is selling off today. you can see the nasdaq pretty nice gains holding steady throughout the day, mainly due to intel and microsoft . they 're in flu enshall on thed? hey had better than expected profit reports for the recent quarter. they both had good things to say going forward upping or reiterating 2003 guidance. good solid reports. motor row la . cutting another 3,000 jobs by the end of the year. profits for the end of the year did see profit as well. motorola and texas instruments both in the chips base as well swinging to profits as well, with sales up 20%. finally amr , the stock gained 15% yesterday, today's shares up another sen.8%. the flight attendants have until 6:00 today to ratify labor concessions. the pilots union and ground crew did so yesterday. the flight attendants came in with a close vote rejecting these concessions so the ceo has extended the deadline today, if they don't ratify these agreements, amr will have to file for bankruptcy. investors are betting they will agree, 16.8% to the upside is certainly a vote of confidence. back to you , guys .
the morning papers , because morning papers around the country and around the world are remaking their front page to include the elizabeth smart case, and we end with that tonight. with her family on a day when their miracle finally came true.
she looks very, very healthy. she 's grown a lot. and i 'm just so absolutely thrilled. i couldn't believe it. in fact, i had to take a double take and pull her back away from me and say, "is it really you ?" all of the children out there deserve to come home to their parents the way -- the way elizabeth has come back to us . and i just hope and pray that congress will quickly pass the amber alert so that those children will have a better chance because they cross the state line and they 're out of commission. and we need to have this here . we really do. but i just am so grateful and so thankful. thank you very much.
reporter : can you describe elizabeth 's demeanor? you said she looked good, she was bigger, but she 's been through this horrible ordeal. is she still scared? she excited? happy?
i don't know. i mean, it was just -- i 'm sure she was just thrilled to be back. i just -- such happiness and such love. and i just held her , held her the whole way home .
i just brought her little brother william in. and as william and she saw each other, it was such a wonderful reunion for them to just hug, and they -- he would hug her and look at her and hug her and look at her . and couldn't believe, i think, as a 4-year-old now that his sister is home .
with the darkness that surrounds us in these times of the possibility of war that could be coming upon us and a miracle that has been brought to us , an incredible miracle that has been brought to our family , words cannot express how grateful we are for the prayers around the world. do miracles still exist? and the answer is yes. and we have elizabeth back.
this neighborhood , the federal heights neighborhood , everybody 's been ripped up, everybody 's helped, everybody 's prayed to do whatever they can. we thank god for all the searchers , for all the people . in the history of the world i don't think a little girl 's been prayed for more than elizabeth smart . and we thank you for answering those prayers.
it's a nice day to have this job. we 'll see you tomorrow, 10:00 eastern time. -- captions by vitac -- www.vitac.com ...a ceo is about to announce employee of the year. earlier, several go-getters prepared to accept their award. ...and when i began this journey... ...when i started this journey... me ? ... i had no idea i 'd
tariq aziz 's sun ziad looks worried. he 's willing to talk with us , but not be interviewed. as he explains how his father negotiated his surrender. he says his father 's night-time handover was dignified, that u.s . forces offered medical support for his father 's heart condition, that has caused two heart attacks recently. they don't know when to expect him back, and have been told he faces lots of questions. outside, u.s . troops provide occasional protection. nearby, a neighbor hopes all will be well. another neighbor comes to our car to give his opinion. he was a normal person , he says. a good neighbor , but a bad politician . at their nearby store , they prepare to open for their first day of business since the war. aziz was a politician he said. it's saddam and the others americans have problems with. maybe he gives us information about the missing people , and perhaps saddam hussein . further down the road, these men wait for a ride. neither have anything bad to say about aziz . we call him mr. aziz , and i 'm proud of him , says this former traffic cop . he was cultured, and i wish someone like him rules us . his friend adds, if all the leaders stayed in baghdad , then the americans will catch them . across town in a less affluent neighborhood , reactions to aziz 's arrest are profoundly different. i didn't hear about it, explains this man , because we didn't have electricity. when we explained the news to the crowd , a bystander steps forward. america is playing a trick on us he says. where is our government and our security? at the pickle store , passions are enflamed by the lack of services. aziz is a war criminal says ahmed . he should get the death penalty, just like saddam , 60 times over. we give mr . bush six months to get things right he says, going on to explain, if not, we will fight the americans . the biggest problem tariq aziz ' family says they now face is that aziz is now safely in u.s . custody, they don't know how safe they are out on baghdad 's streets . nic robertson , cnn , baghdad .
usairways is flying its way out of bankruptcy. the company which lost nearly $4 billion over the past two years has cut its annual costs by nearly $2 billion. most of that was saved by cutting employee wages and benefits. the dow is down. you see there, just about almost 140 points. nasdaq down 20 and the s&amp;p is down, as well. so the markets are continuing their negative trend from last week. we 'll keep our i on that. coming up right here, next hour on live from, terror tactics on the battlefield. is it a taste of more to come in iraq ? we 'll talk with a terror expert about that, and iraqi deserters on the northern front . ben wedeman has their story why they 're no longer fighting for saddam hussein and don shepperd is going to answer some of your questions as he looks at the battle hot spots. now let' s go back to wolf blitzer in kuwait city for more special coverage of the war in iraq .
Report: Accident on Chinese submarine kills all 70 aboard
An accident on a diesel-powered Chinese submarine has killed all 70 officers and sailors aboard, the official Xinhua News Agency reported Friday.
The accident occurred ``recently'' in Chinese waters east of the Neichangshan islands , the brief Chinese-language report said. The islands are in the Yellow Sea , between the northeastern province of Liaoning and North Korea .
The submarine was on an exercise when the accident occurred, and ``because of a mechanical malfunction, the 70 crew members on board died,'' the Xinhua report said. It did not give further details or say how the crew died.
The vessel already has been towed back to an unidentified port , Xinhua said. It said the hull number was 361, which military analysts said appeared to make it a Ming -class submarine , a vessel used for patrols and coastal defense.
The announcement was unusual for a communist government that rarely acknowledges military accidents.
It was the first time China has announced a fatal submarine mishap, said Bernard Cole , a professor at the U.N . National War College in Washington and a specialist on the Chinese navy .
``There have been rumors going around about the loss of submarines , but this is the first fatal accident that I know of,'' said Cole .
China 's military , which has a tradition of secrecy, did not comment about the accident Friday night.
Foreign military analysts said it would be highly unusual for an accident to kill a whole submarine crew while still allowing the vessel to be recovered. They suggested possible causes ranging from a sinking in shallow water to a disaster that flooded the vessel with toxic chemical fumes.
Michael McGinty , an expert on the Chinese navy from the Royal United Services Institute for Defense Studies in London , said that the mishap likely happened while the submarine was on the surface. If the accident happened when the vessel was underwater, it was less likely that China could have recovered it , said McGinty , a former British submariner .
``For an accident to have been so catastrophic when the submarine was on the surface, I find it a very mysterious thing,'' he said.
McGinty said that the submarine 's batteries might have leaked acid that mixed with seawater, creating toxic chlorine gas that killed the crew . The torpedoes might have leaked propellant that poisoned the crew , he said.
The accident could have occurred as long ago as March, said Cole , a former U.S . Navy antisubmarine warfare officer .
``There have been exercises going on in the Yellow Sea over the past two months,'' he said. ``This boat could have been involved in those exercises and gone down over a month ago.''
Cole said the loss of all hands suggested the vessel was flooded or sank because of a collision or engineering problem. He said Ming -class subs usually carry a crew of 50 , suggesting that the others aboard might have been technicians or staff officers .
China began building the Ming -class subs in the 1970s, and they are obsolete by modern standards, according to the Federation of American Scientists .
The first three Ming -class subs were completed between 1971 and 1979, and one of them was scrapped after a fire, according to the Web site of Jane's Information Group , a leading of source defense information. China is believed to have as many as 19 Ming -class submarines .
China 's submarine fleet includes 66 boats , most of them aging diesel-electric vessels , McGinty said. He said the fleet suffers from a chronic lack of money, training and maintenance.
But the Chinese are aggressively updating their fleet with Russian -made Kilo -class diesel-electric subs .
``The submarine force is the most potent part of the Chinese navy ,'' said Cole .
Despite the difficulty of maintaining a fleet , subs are valuable because they are hard to detect, Cole said. In a conflict over Taiwan or some other confrontation, he said, `` China 's ability to field a force of even a dozen submarines could pose a big problem for any other naval force .''
Xinhua said former President Jiang Zemin , who is chairman of the commission that runs China 's military , on Friday sent condolences to family members of the crew .
an air force pilot is back at his base after a close call. military officials say a missile hit his warthog and he was forced to eject. cnn 's gary tuchman is live near the iraqi border with details on the mission and the pilot 's rescue. gary ?
reporter : wolf , hello to you . it was a very tense and nerve-racking day for the pilot who is stationed at this base near the iraqi border . he flies one of the a-10s behind me , the warthog attack planes . took it out early this morning. here's what happened to him . he was going on a mission south of baghdad when he was close to his target area, all of a sudden he heard a noise. turns out it was an iraqi missile , a very likely a shoulder fired missile that hit his aircraft . he realized the plane was going to crash so he ejected. all these planes have ejection seats. the pilots carry parachutes. ejected landed in the desert south of baghdad and then he was rescued by u.s. army ground troops who were in the area . the pilot , whose name has not been released, was brought back to this base . he is in good condition with the 172nd fire squadron which is based in battle creek , michigan . but he 's a very lucky man . he 's with two other a-10s flying along with him . they , two , were hit. one came back to the base . the other we have a picture of. it landed at a base controlled by the coalition . that particular a-10 was hit in the right engine. the pilot also was able to make a safe landing and neither of those pilots were hurt. those are three planes hit today. another a-10 warthog was hit here today. that pilot was hit by at least one missile and some artillery . we have video of that plane . that plane has a role in one of the engines. stabilizer in the back of the plane . the pilot lost all flight control as she was flying back. thinking about ejecting. decided she could make it back safely. she came back to this base near the border of iraq and it's being described as an heroic landing after she was struck by artillery missiles . course, we just heard from jamie mcintyre about the f-15 e strike eagle . authorities
you 've heard the old saying, the best offense is a good defense? perhaps with that in mind, the nation 's threat level back at orange, or high, to discourage and thwart potential terrorist attacks. what does this mean if you 're traveling you might ask. to cnn 's patty davis at reagan national airport . what are travelers to do and, for that matter, not to do?
reporter : miles , what that means is tighter security at airports across the country . and that could potentially slow you down. some things you may want to do is, first all, just get here a little bit early. now, homeland security chief tom ridge described some of those new security measures on top of the ones that are already in place.
begin the training for the pilots in the cockpits with firearms . then you 've got the hardened cockpit doors. you have training for the flight attendants . you have more federal air marshals . you come outside the airline -- the airplane itself and you have technology, 100% inspection of baggage. you have new trained inspectors for passengers . you enhance airport security outside the perimeter. there will be additional random inspections of vehicles and potentially, depending on the airport , some limitations of indegrees and egress into the airport .
It is just about time for Fortune magazine to release its 2005 list of 100 Best Companies to Work For . So now is a good time to ask a simple question: Why should we care? Making this list is certainly a source of pride. It can also be helpful if you are looking for a nice new job. Should anyone else pay attention to this list?
Well, thanks for asking because I just happen to have an answer for that question. It turns out that investors can benefit by paying attention to this list as well. In a study published in the Journal of Business Finance &amp; Accounting (2003, 30:771-798), Greg Filbeck and Dianna Preece found that companies on the Fortune list of 100 Best Companies to Work For outperformed a matched sample of firms along multiple measures of return. This study is particularly relevant for investors because the authors measured return after the list was announced. To often these studies use as a starting point the moment before information becomes public. The only way to benefit from such information is by holding the stock before the information becomes public. This study indicates that the Best Companies to Work For information may still be useful even after the information becomes public.
It might also be useful to look at companies that have consistently made the list in the previous few years and make an educated guess about their inclusion on this year's list. Search the news archives and see if in the past year the company did anything that might have totally pissed off their employees . Massive layoffs, bitter union battles, stopped offering free massages, etc. You might also want to be wary if the CEO or a bunch of other top executives have been replaced. That can often generate a period of uncertainty in a workforce .
Look at Latest Evidence Against Iraq; Any Hope U.N., Old Europe will 
Come Around to Bush Administration's Way of Thinking?
My name is Christina Wright (ph). I 'm from Minneapolis , Minnesota . And I was just curious if you feel that the attack on Iraq would actually open a Pandora's box in other Middle Eastern countries that we are known to aid and harbor terrorists , such as Syria and Iran .
It might. I mean that's absolutely one of the fears. That it would destabilize the entire region . On the other hand, the region is pretty unstable, filled with people who already hate Americans and seek to do America harm. So the question is, could it be worse?
Our president believes it will set off a positive domino effect of democracy through the region . Maybe he 's right. I don't think he 's thought it through. I think it's more likely that this very unstable region could cause even more problems.
Hi. I 'm Fabian from Bonn , Germany . And my question is, after today's meeting in Paris , where France , Russia and Germany decided to not back a second resolution, who is not (UNINTELLIGIBLE)? Is it the U.S . or is it old Europe ?
It 's actually Western Europe , because 18 European countries are on the side of the United States . So France and Germany -- that's actually true -- find themselves in the minority on their own continent . And good.
Only Great Britain is with us . The only country ...
My question is not who votes at the U.N . Who sends troops to die on our side? Nobody except Great Britain . We are isolated. From the left, I am Paul Begala . Goodnight for CROSSFIRE.
From the right, I 'm Tucker Carlson . Join us again tomorrow night for yet more CROSSFIRE.
the u.s . is considering its legal options now that it has custody of terrorist abu abbas . he was captured in baghdad late monday night. he was convicted of hijacking the " achille lauro " in 1985. disabled american tourist kling klinghoffer was on board. he was shot and thrown overboard. more coverage continues now.
Who will lead the revolution? Would you believe MBAs?
For my holiday post, I offer a message of hope for the business world.
In 1994, I was a graduate student in Boston . I was asked to moderate a panel discussion on social entrepreneurship for a conference at Harvard Business School . The conference was being held by a new group called Students for Responsible Business . I expected to see a small gathering of idealistic, slightly naive MBA students . What I found was a packed room of 200 intelligent, practical,driven idealists . These students were determined to figure out how to use business as a driver for positive social change. I left that room with my eyes open to the possibilities presented by these future business leaders .
Fast forward 10 years. Students for Responsible Business is now called Net Impact . In 2004, I had the opportunity to attend their conference hosted by The University of Texas McCombs Business School . Net Impact had grown to include over 9,000 MBA students and alumni . Approximately 900 people attended the 2004 conference. The buzz words flying around the conference included social entrepreneurship, sustainable profitability, working with passion. I met student after student intent on harnessing the forces of business and capitalism to improve the world . These students understand that business is a powerful lever of change in this world .
Recently business schools have received their share of criticism for turning out graduates who seem to have lost sight of their responsibility for ethical action. I can tell you that I am seeing a powerful groundswell of change coming from within business schools . It is not coming from the faculty , or the alumni , or the administration . All these groups continue to pay lipservice to topics of social responsibility while avoiding any real innovations in the student experiences. The change is being demanded by the students . A little secret of business schools is that MBA students have an immense amount of sway. Few choose to use it, but if they want they can fundamentally change their school . Right now students at business schools are asking for more discussion of these topics in classes, are initiating service projects, forming support group for social entrepreneurs , inviting speakers to campus to discuss sustainability, social investing, non-profit innovations, etc. Net Impact is often at the center of these efforts.
These are not isolated events...This is a revolution from within. I have no doubt that in 10 years we will see the vast positive impact that these students are having in the world of business and society at large.
In 1776 Adam Smith spoke of enlightened self-interest in The Wealth of Nations . I often feel that we have conveniently forgotten his emphasis on enlightened which he defined as being committed to being a good citizen and steward of society . I am excited and hopeful that this new generation of business leaders will bring this emphasis front and center.
If you are an MBA student and want a good reference for comparing how MBA programs integrate issues of sustainability and social responsibility into the student experience a good place to start is the Beyond Grey Pinstripes report produced by The Aspen Institute .
Interview With Donald Rumsfeld; Lugar, Dodd Talk About Post-War Iraq; 
What about the length of the U.S . military presence in Iraq , Senator Lugar ? How long do you anticipate large numbers of U.S . troops will remain there ?
Well, I was heartened by what Secretary Rumsfeld told you in the last interview, that we will have troops there as long as necessary, but no longer than necessary. I think that's a pretty good way to state it. My own view is that the security of the country clearly is our responsibility presently. We are trying to pass that on to others . Likewise, the other government 's procedures, the fledgling beginnings on democracy, and all the rest. But that's going to require an undergirding. Now, in due course, as everybody points out, we may get help from other countries . We may bring in NATO allies or the United Nations or other people in the Arab world . That would be helpful. But for the moment, this is our responsibility. And we ought not to be having large debates about how rapidly we move out. And I was upset, in a way, to hear reports that by the fall, three divisions out of five would be gone. I think Secretary Rumsfeld disabused us of that today.
And what about you , Senator Dodd , not only the length of time, but the cost to U.S . taxpayers ? Have you been given any ballpark estimate what this is going to cost the United States ?
No. Well, what we 've heard the numbers of reconstruction running around $100 billion. We put $2.5 billion in, in the last supplemental appropriations bill. So it's going to be costly. These RFPs, these seeking bids on various contracts are rather costly, and so it's going to be expensive. And clearly the responsibility is going to fall principally on the United States . Now, I would hope that sooner rather than later we could see a civilian government emerge in Iraq , a democratically elected one , that there'd be more cooperation from the international community, on both the peacekeeping side as well as the political restructuring that's necessary in Iraq . And to the extent we can move that along more quickly, I think we 're all going to be better off. Being the sole, or almost the sole power there , both in terms of reconstruction and politically, exposes us to great vulnerabilities.
Senator Lugar , we have to take a quick break, but before we do, I wanted to just ask you , the U.N . role -- you say there could be a U.N . role. Do you specifically want the United Nations to have some sort of peacekeeping role there? And secondarily, what about countries like France , Germany , and Russia , which opposed the Bush administration 's war plans, do you want them shut out?
No, I don't want anybody shut out. And I do hope the United Nations will play a vital role in Iraq , whether it be in peacekeeping or various other ways, and I hope that that will occur soon. I think we really need an internationalization of the process, for the very reasons that Senator Dodd pointed out.
All right. We 're going to take that quick break. Stand by, Senators . We have a lot more ground to cover. Senators Lugar and Dodd will be staying with us . They 'll also be taking your phone calls. LATE EDITION will continue right after this.
Rudolph Giuliani, Judith Nathan to marry May 24 at Gracie Mansion
Rudolph Giuliani will wed his companion , Judith Nathan , on May 24 in the ex- mayor 's old home , Gracie Mansion .
The news was announced Thursday by Giuliani spokeswoman Sunny Mindel . His successor , Mayor Michael Bloomberg , will perform the ceremony.
Giuliani , 58, proposed to Nathan , a former nurse , during a November business trip to Paris 	_  five months after he finalized his divorce from Donna Hanover after 20 years of marriage.
In interviews last year, Giuliani said Nathan gave him ``tremendous emotional support'' through his treatment for prostate cancer and as he led the city during the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack on the World Trade Center .
`` We were close already,'' Giuliani said. ``And then we went through hell together.''
Giuliani and Nathan began appearing in public together in May 2000. Soon after, he announced that he and Hanover were moving toward legal separation.
During the legal proceedings leading up to the divorce, a judge ruled that Nathan could not visit Gracie Mansion , the official mayoral residence , as long as Giuliani 's children lived there .
Giuliani and Hanover have two teenage children , Andrew and Caroline . The divorce settlement called for Giuliani to pay Hanover more than $6.8 million.
Hanover , 53, is host of a syndicated television show, ``Famous Homes and Hideaways.'' Last month, she and her fiance  _  an old high school sweetheart  _  invited the press along as they went shopping for wedding bands, saying they are planning a wedding in the New York City area this summer.
Giuliani 's first marriage to his second cousin , Regina Peruggi , lasted about 14 years. It was annulled by the Catholic Church because the couple had not obtained a church dispensation required when second cousins marry.
Nathan divorced wallpaper salesman Bruce Nathan in 1992. They have a teenage daughter .
The Giuliani - Nathan nuptials will be a first for Bloomberg , who is making an exception from his policy of not performing weddings, said Bloomberg spokesman Ed Skyler . Giuliani regularly officiated at weddings while in office.
``The mayor is honored by their request,'' Skyler said.
American Troops Capture Saddam Hussein's Main Palace
Letter writing, you know, is sometimes called a lost art in this age of electronic communication. But it is being rediscovered by U.S . troops in Iraq , at least some of them . Karl Penhaul is with an Army attack helicopter battalion in the town of Najaf in southeastern Iraq .
War, soldiers say, is long hours of boredom, followed by a few moments of madness. Away from the thick of the action, soldiers ' minds turn to family , friends and lovers . No phones, no e-mail, letters are the only link to home . Melony Marshall was married just a month before she left for Iraq .
"Hi, sweetheart . How you doing? I haven't received mail in two days. Being out here in the heat, it is so exhausting. My love for you grows stronger every day. The tent , I have to come home to seven people that, they are not so bad half the time. But, sometimes, you need time away from people . I miss you more and more. I 'm ready to come home . When I get home , I don't want to see a camera. I don't want to see a band . I don't want to see a formation. I just want to come home ."
Attack pilot John Davis is feeling sad he 's missing seeing his children grow up.
"Dear Keegan (ph), Britney (ph) and Josh (ph), I 'm doing fine, as is the rest of the battalion. I really miss you guys a lot. And I can hardly wait for the day I can be with you again. In hindsight, I look back and see plenty of opportunities which I could have used to be a better father , but yet let slip by. It's unfortunate that it's taken yet another separation from you for me to realize this. Perhaps I can do better when I get home ."
Tiffany O'Neal , a military cook , vents her frustration about the rigors of desert warfare to a friend .
"Hey, Ashley (ph), how you doing? Me , I 'm hot as hell out here . For the last two nights, we woke up to put our gas masks on for no reason. Our little section gets the information last, or the best we can get. I guess nobody cared enough to inform the cooks ."
In his previous letter home , Apache pilot Joe Bruhl didn't tell his family the full details about his first combat mission. Now he 's trying to set the record straight.
"In my previous letter, written less than two days removed, I only wanted to convey my safety. We did receive heavy fire and many of our aircraft took significant hits, including mine . I tell you all this not to worry you , but to give you comfort knowing what you hear and see is true and that, despite that, I am safe and will continue to be.
Different ranks, different anxieties, but all are hoping, by the time their letters get back to the U.S ., they too will soon be heading home . Karl Penhaul , for CNN , An Najaf , Iraq .
Very poignant. And I bet that father is a better father than he gives himself credit for being. That's it for this special edition of INSIDE POLITICS. I 'm Judy Woodruff .
Del . Adam Ebbin ( D , Alexandria ) is the first openly gay member to serve in the House of Delegates . There's a brief profile of Ebbin by Kristen Gelineau in today's Daily Press . What I found interesting was the contrast in reactions to Ebbin from two colleagues : " I suppose that one of the concerns was that since he is the only openly gay member of the Legislature , is whether or not that would be the only issue that he would ... talk about," said Del . Ward Armstrong , D - Henry County . "That clearly has not been the case. He is a very versatile delegate ."
Del . Richard Black , R - Loudoun , who has compiled a track record as one of the most socially conservative members of the state legislature and was the sponsor of the gay adoption bill, said he 's not trying to stamp out gay rights but is simply trying to preserve tradition.
As for his personal feelings on Ebbin , after a lengthy pause, the Loudoun Republican offered: " He 's always prompt and, you know, on time to meetings." A moment later, he added, " I think he works hard." I think it's possible to support some of Black 's positions but still be very disappointed by his cold assessment of a colleague .
Odd how different our perceptions are. I read Black 's comment as more genuine and straightforward than Armstrong 's. I 'd much rather someone call me "prompt" and "hard-working" than "very versatile." The latter sounds like weasel words -- "Well," Johnnie 's teacher said, " he 's not too bright, and his table manners are atroctious, but he 's very versatile."
Maybe it was the pointed reference of the reporter to the pauses Black made that troubled me .
I appreciate your take on it; that's why I love this comment section. I may be way off-base.
The Ward Armstrong comment is incredibly idiotic as well...
bob novak 's here with the " inside buzz ." i understand there may be a rift among the republican leadership in the houses ?
yeah, there's a little tension between the house majority leader , tom delay , and his successor as house majority whip and his former deputy , lloyd blunt , kind of came to light when " the washington post " had a front-page story showing disagreement on the provision, delay had it taken out. they 've been disagreeing on union opposed bill on flex time. there's just a lot of feeling that delay doesn't feel blunt is doing the job as well as he did it. maybe they 're jossling for who 's going to be the next speaker . i don't think dennis hastert plans to step down soon anyway.
moving onto the democrats . what's the speculation about john edwards ?
some of the national democratic operatives think john edwards is going to run for president and that he ought to get out and concentrate on being reelected senator of north carolina which won't be easy. some people think white house chief of staff would be a stronger candidate anyway. i 'm not sure if that's true. but there's a lot of feeling this presidental race
president bush is going to be meeting with several arab leaders . that happens next hour in a summit focusing on an israeli - palestinian peace initiative. mr . bush is expected to win support for his peace making campaign in the middle east crisis. earlier today, he said a solution should not be derailed by "a few people a few killers , a few terrorists ." joining us now to discuss that is rob sabati,ed a a an adjunct professor at georgetown university . good to see you this morning, professor . are you optimistic that president bush is actually going to, at this time, take the steps and say what has to be said to remove the skepticism that the arab leaders are bringing to the summit?
Governor Mark Warner has turned state government upside-down in an effort to do more business with small, women , and minority owned (SWAM) firms and the thanks he gets are headlines like this one in the Daily Press : Warner 's plan to raise contracting diversity falls short .
The article is full of innuendo that procurement officals are ignoring the Governor 's wishes and just waiting for him to leave office, that "special deals" are cut with non- SWAM vendors , and that somehow the electronic procurement system is "stacked" against SWAM firms . If true, these are serious charges, worthy of high-level investigation.
What's missing from the article, though, is any attempt at investigative journalism to give even one factual example supporting the innuendo. What's also missing is a fair-minded review of whether the sagging numbers reported for SWAM procurement are valid.
Someday a journalist is going to take the time to watch a sample number of SWAM firms submit bids on openly posted contracts, then use procurement tools that are in place to determine if any SWAM firms were unfairly denied contracts they deserved. Until then, this carping appears to be sour grapes. Governor Warner has done plenty to open up the system to SWAM firms and give them a presumptive advantage, even inviting a backlash by non- SWAM firms . Maybe SWAM firms aren't doing all they can to return the Governor 's faith in them .
The dominant narrative among the Mainstream Media , even at a local level, is that the institutions of U.S . society are, to varying degrees, racist. Any shortcomings in minority achievement are to be explained as the result of discrimination of some sort. End of story. What's to investigate? What need to examine "the other side of the story?"
Three hacked to death in India over witchcraft allegations
At least three members of a family in India s northeastern state of Tripura were hacked to death by a tribal mob for allegedly practicing witchcraft, police said Thursday.
A spokesman said a group of 25 to 30 armed men Wednesday attacked a house belonging to a village quack doctor in Tultuli , 60 kilometers (38 miles) south of Tripura s state capital Agartala .
"The mob dragged out three members of a family and (killed) them with machetes and spears before fleeing the area ," the spokesman said by telephone from Agartala .
The dead included the quack doctor , 55-year-old Nityalila Naotia , his teenaged son and another member of the family , whom he did not identify.
"It was believed Naotia was a practicing sorcerer and through his black magic he had cast evil spells on villagers , prompting a group within the village to eliminate them ," the spokesman said.
Police have arrested four people in connection with the killings.
Superstitious beliefs, black magic and demonology are integral to the tribal custom in parts of Tripura and other northeast Indian states .
Many tribes practice faiths believed to be a mix of black magic and superstition.
Look at Latest Evidence Against Iraq; Any Hope U.N., Old Europe will 
Come Around to Bush Administration's Way of Thinking?
Former Illinois Senator Carol Moseley-Braun recently decided to run for president. Early reviews have not been good, so yesterday she announced she 'll be making some changes. Not to her ideas, which are few. Not to her record, which is pretty embarrassing. Not even to her staff , which is, of course, tiny. But to her name. From here on out, Carol Moseley-Braun as Carol Moseley Braun . Did you catch the difference? In the second version, there is no hyphen between her last names. Moseley Braun expects that primary voters in Iowa and New Hampshire will react enthusiastically to this radical, grammatical transformation. They 'll have to, because the latest CNN poll shows Moseley Braun far behind the candidate she set out to discredit. That would be, of course, the honorable Al Sharpton . Sharpton is not only by far the first choice of black voters nationally, he is tied with Senator John Edwards among all voters and beating Governor Howard Dean , Representative Dennis Kucinich and Senator Bob Graham . Beating them . And Al Sharpton didn't even have to change his name.
You become honorable by winning an election of some sort or having a high post, being an ambassador or a governor or some thing.
He 's the No. 1 pick , the most popular , among all candidates , among black primary voters . I mean, you can't dismiss him . He 's a serious candidate .
We haven't even begun the primaries. He 's not a serious candidate . He 's right wing fantasy and it's never going to happen.
Not right wing. Take Al Sharpton seriously, that's our message tonight. In a moment, we 'll ask two members of Congress if they 're convinced that war is the only way to make Saddam Hussein disarm. Later, the pope practices religion and a little anti-war politics on the side. Then, can you spell prosthetic nose? Maureen Orth can, and she does in a new " Vanity Fair " profile of Michael Jackson . We 'll talk to her . You won't want to miss that. We 'll be right back.
More than a few e-mails have come in wondering why I haven't remarked on the horrible hunting tragedy on Nov. 21 that left six people dead, and why I haven't updated the ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN COUNTER.
I didn't mean to wait this long and never intended to ignore the issue, but I have been extremely busy last week with Thanksgiving and everything that goes along with it. This is problem that needs to be addressed.
But as for the assault weapons ban issue, the man accused of the brutal killings, Chai Vang of St. Paul , Minn , used a Russian -built Saiga 7.62 mm, SKS semiautomatic rifle .
As this article points out, the SKS wasn't included on the list of banned weapons as part of the 10-year ban on certain "assault weapons " signed by President Clinton . The ban expired in September and at the time of this posting, no one has been killed by any one of those weapons since the ban expired.
But let' s talk about this case, as I 'm sure discussions have started and many want stronger gun control because of this freak incident. While the media use words like " military style," "assault" and "semiautomatic," the gun used in the slayings was not unlike a typical hunting rifle .
The SKS is a medium-powered carbine equipped with a 10- round magazine, just like the pistol I 'm displaying in the photo on the left hand side of this blog. Banned weapons had capacities of more than 10 rounds ; so like my small 9mm , the SKS was not classified as an "assault" weapon . So let' s not center our discussion around the gun , let' s talk about the person behind the trigger.
If convicted of the killings, Vang faces life in prison as Minnesota does not honor the death penalty. I look forward to Vang 's conviction and I pray for the families of the victims . What happened was indefensible and justice must be served.
Singapore doctors to perform risky operation on Iranian twins
Singapore doctors will proceed with an unpredecented and risky operation to separate a pair of adult Iranian twins joined at the head, a hospital official said Friday.
The official , who asked not to be named, said the decision to go ahead with the operation is expected to be announced to the media on Monday by doctors and executives of Raffles Hospital , where the surgery will be carried out.
A team of specialists here have been conducting tests on the female twins , Laleh and Ladan Bijani , since last year to determine if the operation can be successful.
The twins , both qualified lawyers aged in their late 20s, are joined at the head and the operation involves separating two individually functioning brains encased within a single bony structure, neurosurgeon Keith Goh said in December.
The pair flew to Singapore last year after hearing of the successful surgery on Nepalese babies Ganga and Jamuna Shrestha , who were separated in a 97-hour operation at a hospital here .
Attempts by Laleh and Ladan to have their operation elsewhere in the world were rejected, with doctors in Germany saying one or both of them could die.
Gazprom , the main Russian gas company , has been denied a $10 billion credit line due to the political situation in Russia . The company intended to use the cash to pay an artificially low price for Yukos assets (hence that firm 's bankruptcy filing a few days ago -- you know it's bad when you have to use US courts to protect your own assets from appropriation by your home country ). It's starting to look like Putin 's goal is a sort of judicial nationalization -- taking control of key assets through court , rather than executive , fiat. But the markets have caught on, and Russia may be deprived of the capital it needs to grow. Don't expect any of the Russian leadership to reverse course; given the current trends there , they 'll just Blame the West when their screwy plan screws them over.
Thousands take to streets across Mideast to protest war = (PICTURES) =
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets across the Middle East Thursday, demonstrating against military strikes on Iraq and calling on Muslims to wage jihad against the United States and its allies .
Lebanon and the Palestinian Authority issued fierce denunciations of the US -led attacks, while the Egyptian government daily Al-Ahram warned it marked "the beginning an era of US colonisation that will benefit only Israel ".
Protests against the action aimed at toppling Iraqi President Saddam Hussein were held in cities across Libya , Egypt and Lebanon , as well as in Amman , Damascus and the Gaza Strip .
However, there were no reports of protests against the war from the Gulf states , many of whom are host to US military personnel .
Saudi Arabia , however, expressed its "deep concern" and regret over the start of US military operations. Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal spoke of the " kingdom 's hope for a quick halt in military action and for the return to peaceful efforts", the state SPA news agency reported.
In Riyadh 's first reaction to the start of the against, he also called for Iraq 's "unity, internal security and territorial integrity" to be preserved and rejected military occupation.
Lebanese President Emile Lahoud , meanwhile, was more forthright, strongly denouncing Washington 's "aggression" and warning that it could have repercussions beyond the borders of the pariah state .
" We have warned against the marginalisation of the United Nations ... and we see this aggression today plunging the world into a tunnel where one cannot see the end," he said in a statement.
"For these reasons, we judge that it is necessary that the forces of peace and those who believe in right and justice take the necessary and rapid steps to halt this dangerous slide into war against Iraq which will result in heavy human and material losses."
The Palestinian Authority also condemned Thursday's early morning missile strikes on Iraq , and warned Israel not to exploit the conflict.
" We Palestinians are against the war and we totally condemn this war in the Middle East . A solution must be found to this problem through diplomatic means, with the international community ," local authorities minister Saeb Erakat said.
" We are warning Israel not to exploit this war against Iraq to carry out more attacks against the Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip and destroy the Palestinian Authority and the peace process," he said.
The radical Palestinian movement Islamic Jihad warned that "the war against Iraq is a war against the whole region ", while Hamas issued a chilling warning against those taking part in the war against Iraq .
"The aggression by the vile Americans and the war against Iraq signifies a war against all Arabs and Muslims around the world ," said Hamas senior official Abdul Aziz al-Rantissi .
The war "shows the impotence of all Arab states . We call on all Arab states to act immediately to defend Iraq and counter the US war," he said.
" I don't think America will win this war, as our jihad (holy war) and our resistance will teach the Americans and British a lesson they will never forget," he said.
State radio in Syria accused the United States and its allies of wanting to get their "hands on Iraq 's oil and wealth and impose their hegemony on the world ".
In the Egyptian capital , 10 demonstrators and at least four policeman were injured in clashes after several thousand demonstrators took to the streets near the US and British embassies .
Riot police intervened after the protestors , who included hundreds of students from the American University in Cairo , rallied on the city 's central Tahrir Square , close to both the university campus and the US embassy .
More than 1,000 people also gathered at Cairo 's Al-Azhar Islamic University , where they burned an American flag and demanded the expulsion of the ambassadors of the United States , Britain , Spain and Israel .
Demonstrations also took place in the northern Egyptian cities of Alexandria , Tanta and Kafr el-Sheikh .
In Amman , three protestors were hospitalised after some 500 Jordanian lawyers staged a sit-in at the main court house after being forcibly blocked by riot police from marching towards the Iraqi embassy to show their solidarity.
In Lebanon , hundreds of students gathered on the campuses of the Arab University of Beirut and the American University of Beirut calling for the assassination of US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
South of the capital in Sidon , some 1,500 schoolboys denounced "the Bush assassin " and the "silence of the Arab leaders who sold out Iraq ".
Turkish party leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan named prime minister, may push to allow in U.S. troops
The charismatic leader of Turkey 's governing party was named prime minister Tuesday, a step that probably boosts chances that the United States will get permission to deploy troops in the country along Iraq 's northern border .
Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who favors the deployment, hinted that he will reshuffle the Cabinet , but gave no indication if he would purge officials who opposed letting in the troops as analysts have suggested he might do.
Erdogan is extremely popular in Turkey and is likely be one of the few leaders with enough clout to unite his party and gain public support for allowing in the U.S . troops . Turks overwhelmingly oppose a war  _  by 94 percent, according to some polls.
Earlier this month, the Turkish parliament shocked the United States by rejecting the deployment by just four votes. Erdogan has hinted that he will resubmit the resolution for approval, which could take another week.
The United States is pressing Turkey to act quickly. Ships carrying equipment for U.S . troops are already waiting off the Turkish coast
In Washington , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen . Richard Myers told a Pentagon news conference Tuesday that the United States would ``have a northern option whether or not Turkey fully supports all our requests.
`` I 'm not going to talk about the operational ways of doing it, but just be assured there will be a northern option,'' he said.
Also in Washington , Turkish Ambassador Farouk Logoglu told The Associated Press that the U.S . and Turkish militaries were holding informal discussions on the use of Turkish airspace .
The troop -basing resolution would allow the United States to use Turkish airspace . If the resolution is not passed, Washington would likely want to use the airspace for strikes against Iraq and for airlifting troops to northern Iraq .
Refusing access to the troop deployment would mean Turkey would lose a US $15 billion U.S . aid package that Washington has offered to help cushion the country 's economy if there is war.
It would also threaten Turkey 's possible role in the future of Iraq . Turkey , which fears northern Iraqi Kurds may declare independence in the aftermath of a war, has been pressing for a say if Saddam Hussein is ousted. Secession by Iraqi Kurds could inspire Turkey 's rebel Kurds , who for 15 years have been fighting for autonomy.
After he was elected, Erdogan said Turkey wanted assurances from the United States on its role in Iraq .
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday there had been talks that Turkish troops could be deployed ``a short distance from their border to try to avoid refugee infiltration.''
Iraqi Kurds fear that Turkish troops could move deep into the autonomous enclave in northern Iraq and have threatened clashes.
Rumsfeld also said that like Turkey , the United States doesn't want to see a breakaway state : `` Our interest, needless to say, is to see that Iraq remains a single country ,'' he said at the Pentagon news conference.
Prime Minister Abdullah Gul resigned earlier Tuesday to make way for Erdogan , who won a parliamentary seat in by-elections Sunday. Gul will remain as a caretaker prime minister until President Ahmet Necdet Sezer approves Erdogan 's Cabinet , a move that could happen as early as Wednesday.
Erdogan said he would submit his Cabinet list to the president ``as soon as possible,'' and leaders of Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party met Tuesday evening.
When asked about possible changes in the Cabinet , Erdogan said: ``Perhaps there will be a small amount of change, a certain number of revisions.''
Gul 's resignation had been long expected. Erdogan heads the party but was constitutionally barred from running in November elections because he was jailed in 1999 for anti-secular activities. The Justice party changed the constitution after taking power in the elections.
Erdogan , a leader of Turkey 's pro-Islamic movement when he was jailed, said he moderated his policies in prison . His party considers itself conservative and no longer uses the word 'Islamic' in its literature.
He now also advocates letting in U.S . troops for a war against Iraq even though it is a fellow Muslim state .
Unlike the soft-spoken Gul , Erdogan has a reputation as a fighter .
`` Erdogan will be willing to engage in a bruising confrontation in a way that Gul was not willing to,'' said Bulent Aliriza , an analyst at the Washington -based Center for Strategic and International Studies . ``If Erdogan decides that for his own reasons, and not U.S . pressure, he wants this, he will push it through.''
Tensions over the basing agreement spilled over into parliament Tuesday when opposition deputy Ufuk Ozkan shouted `` You are all American lackeys !'' at members of Erdogan 's party , the Anatolia news agency reported.
A furious Justice party member , Fehmi Husrev Kutlu , rushed toward Ozkan , bumping into him and sending his eyeglasses flying, Anatolia reported. Other legislators surrounded the two to head off a brawl.
and the growing number of sars cases in china . the country reported now 160 new cases and nine more deaths. there are no signs that this infection rate has grown. beijing remains the most affected part of the country , but figures show this disease is also spreading in northern china . 11:00 a.m. on the east coast , 8:00 a.m. on the west . leon harris checking in here. up first, searching for survivors . from deadly tornadoes in the midwest and the south . the path of destruction scratches through kansas , missouri , arkansas and tennessee . cameras captured a tornado on the ground in missouri . the governor has declared a state of emergency after twisters struck several western counties . 20 people were killed in that state . in kansas , authorities say seven people were killed when tornadoes cut across the southeastern part of the state . several counties have been declared disaster areas there . now, across the region , the storms demolished homes , ripped down power lines , uprooted trees trees. search teams looking for people who are still missing. one of the sites proving to be the most deadly was the law enforcement center in the western tennessee city of jackson . an emergency official tells cnn that ten people died there . dozens were hurt. joining us on the phone is the mayor of jackson , tennessee , charles farmer . mayor farmer , can you give us the latest on your town .
U.S. and Iraqis look to form new government, but some groups boycott meeting
A U.S .-sponsored forum that brought Iraqi opposition leaders together to shape the country 's postwar government began Tuesday with a U.S . promise not to rule Iraq and concluded with an agreement to meet again in 10 days.
Meeting in the biblical birthplace of the prophet Abraham , delegates from Iraq 's many factions discussed the role of religion in the future government and ways to rebuild the country . But some Shiite Muslim groups boycotted the meeting and thousands protested nearby.
A 13-point statement released after the meeting stressed the need to work toward a democratic Iraq built on the rule of law and equality. It also called for dissolving Saddam 's Baath Party but left open the question of separating church from the state .
Retired Lt. Gen . Jay Garner , who will head the U.S .-led interim administration in Iraq , opened the conference under a golden-colored tent in the shadows of the 4,000-year-old ziggurat at Ur , a terraced temple platform of the ancient Sumerians .
``What better birthday can a man have than to begin it not only where civilization began but where a free Iraq and a democratic Iraq will begin today?'' said Garner , who turned 65 Tuesday and wore a twin American and Iraqi flag pin on his blue shirt.
White House envoy Zalmay Khalilzad told delegates that the United States has ``no interest, absolutely no interest, in ruling Iraq .''
`` We want you to establish your own democratic system based on Iraqi traditions and values,'' Khalilzad said. `` I urge you to take this opportunity to cooperate with each other .''
Participants included Kurds , Sunnis and Shiites from inside the country and others who spent years in exile. U.S . officials invited the groups , which picked their own representatives .
Many Iraqis boycotted the meeting in opposition to U.S . plans to install Garner atop an interim administration . Thousands of Shiites 
_  who constitute Iraq 's most populous religious group but were repressed under Saddam Hussein 	_  demonstrated in nearby Nasiriyah , chanting ``No to America and no to Saddam !''
`` Iraq needs an Iraqi interim government . Anything other than this tramples the rights of the Iraqi people and will be a return to the era of colonization,'' said Abdul Aziz Hakim , a leader of the largest Iraqi Shiite group , the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq .
U.S . officials hope more Iraqis join the process and stressed that this was just the first of many such meetings in Iraq . The meeting concluded with the delegates voting by show of hands to meet again in 10 days.
A national conference is planned to select the interim administration , perhaps within weeks, a senior U.S . official said on condition of anonymity.
The interim administration could begin handing power back to Iraqi officials within three to six months, but forming a government will take longer, said Maj. Gen . Tim Cross , the top British member of Garner 's team .
`` One has to go through the process of building from the bottom up, allowing the leadership to establish itself , and then the election process to go through and so forth,'' Cross said. ``That full electoral process may well take longer.''
Garner 's Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance is charged with coordinating humanitarian assistance, rebuilding infrastructure shattered by years of war and U.N . sanctions, and gradually handing back power to Iraqis leading a democratically elected government .
Tuesday's meeting was the first step toward that goal after the ouster of Saddam .
Sheik Ayad Jamal Al Din , a Shiite religious leader from Nasiriyah , urged the delegates to craft a secular government , according to a pool report. But Nassar Hussein Musawi , a schoolteacher , disagreed: `` Those who would like to separate religion from the state are simply dreaming,'' he said.
Iraqi exile Hatem Mukhliss quoted President John F. Kennedy 's exhortation, ``Ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for your country ,'' and called on Iraqis to write a constitution, establish a legal system and consider what role the army should play.
He asked coalition representatives to address problems of security, electricity and water in Iraq and help rebuild destroyed and looted hospitals .
`` Saddam reduced the country to such a state that it was necessary for people to sell off personal possessions,'' Mukhliss said. ``Now it's time to take our country back.''
There are already tensions between the United States and some Iraqi factions .
Kurdish groups appear unwilling to compromise on their demand to expand the border of their autonomous area to include the oil-rich city of Kirkuk and Kurdish parts of the city of Mosul .
That could pose a problem for the United States , because Turkey worries that Kurdish control of Kirkuk could lead to aspirations for independence and in turn encourage separatist Kurds in Turkey .
Iraqi opposition leaders fear the United States is trying to force Ahmed Chalabi , head of the London -based umbrella Iraqi National Congress , on them as leader of a new Iraqi administration .
Chalabi was the first top Iraqi opposition leader to be airlifted by the U.S . military into southern Iraq as the fighting wound down, and he and other top members of his group plan to meet soon in Baghdad . U.S . officials said Chalabi was brought in because he offered forces to the coalition .
Neither Chalabi nor many other leaders of anti- Saddam groups attended Tuesday's meeting, but they sent delegates .
Iraqis protesting the conference said it did not represent their interests. The protesters held banners written in English and Arabic saying the `` Hawza ,'' or the Shiite religious seminary in Najaf , represents them .
Even some of those at the meeting said they did not want Garner leading the interim administration .
`` We will press for any Iraqi civilian administration regardless of what the Americans say. An administration by Garner is not acceptable,'' said Mowaffak al-Rubaie , an Iraqi physician and opposition activist .
He said American officials have outlined what Garner 's administration would look like: Each ministry would be headed by an American , either military or civilian . Each minister would have two American deputies and eight American advisers , plus four Iraqi advisers from inside the country and four Iraqi exiles .	     _  _  _  =
Associated Press writer Patrick McDowell in Kuwait City contributed to this report.
 WALTER RODGERS , CNN SR. INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over) 
The situation here appears to be increasingly tense. A few moments ago, out on the horizon , not very far ahead of the U.S. Army 's 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry , we heard more than a few explosions. The U.S. Army 's 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry has compiled a rather extraordinary record in the past several days. It was the first unit to cross the Euphrates River and then punch northward to within 60 miles of Baghdad . It was the Army which assigned me to the 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry , and that was extremely fortuitous. It was like sitting in a poker game and drawing four aces, because this is a crack unit . It 's the tip of the tip of the spear. We 've had an absolutely terrific story, pushing forward north toward Baghdad . Seventy-two hours of that was under constant fire coming at us from both sides of the road .
Recall Winston Churchill 's old quote, "There's nothing so exhilarating as being shot at and missed." What you try to do is stay calm and continue your broadcasting. The worst thing you can do, either as a soldier or as a war correspondent is panic. We 're hearing incoming. We 're not sure what it is. We see some stuff in the sky . We may have to break this off. I think we 're going to break off this live shot for the time being. We 're not sure what we see up there . Goodbye. We 've got to dive for vehicles , we think. See you . Bye. We have under heavy fire for the past couple of miles. Mostly small arms fire, but the sand storm has enabled the Iraqis to come very close to the road , and if I sound a little nervous, it's because we 're in the soft skin vehicle and everybody else is in armor . We 'd like to now show you what we call Old Betsy (ph), a re-used, secondhand U.S. Army Humvee that we 've been traveling with. Any bullet will pass through it , even a .22 caliber bullet . You can see our body armor draped on the door. This is what we 've literally been living in. This is the kitchen , when we 're down, and we 're very fortunate, because we 've got a teapot. That's my cubby hole . It 's extraordinary cramped, because (UNINTELLIGIBLE) sandbag the floor, in case we hit a mine . That 's all the space I have to eat and sleep in. You don't sleep. You really don't sleep out here . Of course, you 're on an adrenaline high, but racing across the desert , you know that you 're traveling toward the jaws of what could be a major military battle. You have to realize, they 've been riding along, bouncing along in these tanks for probably six or more hours now. And if you ride inside that tank , it is like riding in the bowels of a dragon. They roar, they screech. The hardest part of the trip is personal discomfort. We cannot tell you the levels of personal discomfort we 've experienced. The extraordinary sandstorms, the bitter cold nights. The most uncomfortable thing is having to sleep sitting up in a Humvee with sandbags under your feet, your knees at your chin. That's excruciatingly uncomfortable, not something that you would wish on anybody but a contortionist . Let me give you an example of what the dust like. Look at this. We have been through days of dust like that. The U.S. Army 's 7th Cavalry has just taken three Iraqi prisoners of war. Actually, they 're very close, that is to say, no more than 40 yards away, but the dust and sand are blowing so badly you 're getting these vague images. It's like being in a blizzard, except unfortunately, the sand doesn't melt as the snow does. What we eat is what the Army calls MREs, meals ready to eat. And I must say, they're pretty darn good. And of course, everybody fights for the best ones. The treats are things like the M&amp;Ms and the breakfast toasties. The Army is eating much, much better than the grandfathers of these soldiers did and the great grandfathers of these soldiers in the Second World War. Let me hold the camera and show you my crew . On camera left is Charlie Miller (ph), he 's been our superb and intrepid cameraman . On my right is Jeff Barweis (ph), a brilliant satellite engineer . That 's the crew which really brings you these pictures. The pictures you 're seeing are absolutely phenomenal. These are live pictures of the 7th Cavalry racing across the desert . You 've never seen battlefield pictures like these before. What you 're watching here is truly historic television and journalism.
Walter Rodgers with the 3-7th . Just ahead we 'll have the latest on today's suicide bombing in Israel . A report from CNN 's Kelly Wallace when we return.
Singapore extends use of SARS thermal scanners to include checkpoints with Malaysia
Singapore authorities extended the use of its state-of-the-art thermal imaging scanner to fight the deadly SARS virus by placing units at its border with Malaysia .
The Immigration and Checkpoints Authority said it began a trial of the scanners Wednesday at its Woodlands and Tuas checkpoints to screen for people suffering from severe acute respiratory syndrome.
Nine scanners, developed locally for military purposes, were placed at Singapore 's Changi Airport last week to check people arriving from SARS-affected countries .
Those who show up on the camera screen as ``hot bodies,'' or with a temperature greater than 37.5 degrees Celsius (99.5 degrees Fahrenheit), will be pulled aside.
Each day about 90,000 people cross the border between Malaysia and Singapore . Any person found to be entering Singapore with a high temperature would be directed to a nearby nurse station for further checks.
Singapore has reported 16 deaths, the world 's third-highest toll, out of 186 infected from the flu-like illness. Globally, at least 236 people have died and more than 4,000 have become sickened with the illness.
Immigration and Checkpoints Authority spokeswoman Ngoon Pei Ling said during the trial period the scanners would be placed at bus checkpoints , where passengers are already required to disembark for immigration purposes.
Look at Latest Evidence Against Iraq; Any Hope U.N., Old Europe will 
Come Around to Bush Administration's Way of Thinking?
Welcome back to CROSSFIRE. France , Russia and Germany today restated their opposition to any new U.N . Security Council that could threaten Saddam Hussein 's grip on power. Secretary of State Colin Powell goes to the U.N . tomorrow to do what he can. We 're talking with potential war in Iraq with Congressman Charlie Rangel , a New York Democrat and his fellow New Yorker Republican Congressman Peter King .
Mr . King , thanks for stying with us through the break. One of the reasons that we like having you on, and as well as Mr . Rangel , is that, you know, this is war, as we were saying in the last segment. You treat it with the gravity and the seriousness that it deserves. And you 're a congressman who has put his constituents and his country ahead of his partisan interests. So I wonder if you 'll join Charlie Rangel , who put out a press release today, decrying the Republican attempt to hijack a bill to help our servicemen to use it to give special interest tax breaks to corporations . Isn't that wrong in a time of war?
The important thing is that the bill pass for the military . If the other stuff's in there, it's there. I mean to me , the main purpose should be the military . I 'm not going to disagree with Charlie 's point. On the other hand, often when bills are passed, there are things attached to them. So to me , the key thing is that we ought to be taking care of the military and that's what we should do.
Congressman Rangel , a couple of months ago Senator Daschle on CBS said -- made the charge that we are, quote, " we haven't made any real progress in the war against al Qaeda ." A lot of Democrats said similar things. This weekend Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the No. 2 member of al Qaeda and another significant al Qaeda member were captured in Rawalpindi , Pakistan . Doesn't it turn out that Mr . Daschle and others didn't know what they were talking about and maybe they shouldn't make charges like that in public when they don't know what they were talking about? You would agree with that, wouldn't you ?
If they don't have the pencil that's keeping score, they ought to keep their mouth shut because as a former federal prosecutor , every drug dealer I busted was the most important drug dealer in the world . You just pass out numbers on whoever you arrest. Why was he No. 3? Why wasn't he No. 4?
Well, I don't know. Because he helped plan the attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon ? I think that puts you pretty high up in the organization .
Let me tell you , when you arrest somebody , you describe who you 're arresting. I haven't the slightest clue who this guy was.
I haven't heard anybody suggest that he 's not one of the central figures in al Qaeda . Have you ?
Listen, we should be arresting a lot of people . But I think the main thing that we have now is we should concentrate on Osama bin Laden , we should concentrate on dismantling Saddam Hussein . We should do all of those things, but the most important thing is we should not have the arrogance to have a preemptive strike against a defenseless nation without the...
A defenseless nation ? They have biological weapons . How are they defenseless?
It was our fault that they have biological and chemical weapons ? Come on.
Let me tell you . They have it and we supported them having it when they were fighting Iran so it's no big deal there. And the thing is that if we can disarm them without actually going there , killing them , I really think that we maintain our moral authority around the world . We have a lot of people ...
... that have dangerous weapons . I mean, what happens if India decides that they could have a preemptive strike against Pakistan ? What happens if the North Koreans take another look? Our country is great enough and strong enough to maintain the moral authority to convince the international community that we 're right. I don't think we have to kill to prove that.
I 'm sorry to have to do this, but we are out of time. I want have Congressman Peter King from New York back on, and Congressman Charlie Rangel . Thank you both for a very interesting debate. One of the most admired men in the world is doing everything he can to avert the horror of war. In a minute we will look at His Holiness , John Paul II 's efforts to be a peacemaker . Later, the author of " Vanity Fair 's" scary new look at the King of Pop , Michael Jackson . You will not want to miss this. Stay with us .
you 're looking at mars . this shows some of the layers effects scientists find so interesting, captured by the mars global surveyer , which has been in orbit since march of 1999, one of the more successful missions nasa has ever staged to the red planet . only one out of three missions succeed. nasa hopes they 'll do well today with the launch of the first of a pair of identical rovers headed to the red planet . they 'll arrive in january. about the size of a golf cart . they 'll do some poking around for signs of water. past or present. every 26 months, mars and earth fly in close orbital formation. it's only then a mission to the red planet is possible. this time, mars is closer than ever.
this happens to be a particularly good opportunity, where we 're close enough and the geometry works out that we have an excellent data return. so that means we can bring more pictures, more information about mars back to the people of the earth , in this particular landing opportunity.
reporter: the twin missions to hunt for signs of life are set for a journey of a quarter billion miles, carrying identical red planet rovers . they 're the size of golf carts . they will enter the atmosphere on opposite sides of the planet in january and then deploy parachutes and air bags to cushion their arrival on the rust-colored surface . in 1999, the mars polar lander was supposed to arrive alive by using
As coalition forces push ahead in their march toward Baghdad , they have encountered some resistance in the Shiite holy city of Karbala . But American troops and their superior technology have turned out to be a key factor in the fighting there . And to the south, British forces continue their attack on targets around Basra . ITN correspondent Tim Ewart reports.
These are soldiers of the U.S . 3rd Infantry , fighting near Karbala , southwest of Baghdad . They are facing Saddam Hussein 's Republican Guard , his finest soldiers . But for all the resistance, coalition aircraft rule the skies and coalition technology is overwhelmingly superior. U.S . commanders believe the Republican Guard is a doomed force .
We will approach Baghdad . The dagger is clearly pointed at the heart of the regime right now and will remain pointed at it until the regime is gone.
To the south, more black smoke over the town of Basra . British troops control the outskirts of the town , and today destroyed another building they said housed Iraqi fighters . There is much fear here of the Saddam loyalists who still hold sway in Basra and of the invading troops waiting at the gates. (on camera): The Americans are racing towards Baghdad , the British still seem anxious to make their progress here as measured as possible. Basra will fall. But there may first be fighting in the capital , 250 miles to the north. Tim Ewart , ITV News , southern Iraq .
From the south to the n orth in the rolling hills of northern Iraq , coalition air strikes targeted Iraqi positions today in what's been called a ferocious bombardment. It happened outside the oil-rich city of Kirkuk . CNN 's Brent Sadler is there .
A back road leading to Kirkuk , the heartland of northern Iraq 's oil wealth. A road that 's now in the hands of Iraqi Kurdish forces . Occupying these positions, strattled along a crescent-shaped front line east of Kirkuk . This land fell into Iraqi - Kurdish hands without a shot being fired. Iraqi soldiers fled these positions in a hurry, under the onslaught of coalition bombing. This is the end of the road for Kurdish forces manning this remote checkpoint . But with special permission, they let us through. We are now between the lines, a no man's land of abandoned Iraqi bunkers and an unnerving silence, broken by the roar of warplanes and the distant surge of air strikes. This territory is within easy artillery range of Saddam Hussein 's forces and circling Kirkuk . The oil capital of northern Iraq is visible behind me , just over there, a harmless flare of burning gases is easily identifiable. Iraq 's precious oil field remain intact. Also intact, Kirkuk 's defenses, in the distant haze. Iraq 's armed opposition , including these Kurds , waits on the sidelines to join the fray, if America asks.
 PRIME MINISTER BARHAM SALEH, KURDISTAN REGIONAL GOV. 
This is about freedom for Iraq . This is about the liberation of Iraq , and we Iraqis must shoulder the responsibility of helping in the process of liberation.
And, says the Iraqi opposition , in winning this war. Brent Sadler , CNN , near Kirkuk in northern Iraq .
Head of Iran's largest daily quits after conservatives win Tehran city hall
The pro-reform director of Iran 's biggest-selling daily newspaper and official organ of Tehran 's municipality has stepped down following the appointment of a conservative as the city 's new mayor , press reports said Sunday.
Mohammad Atrianfar , who had headed Hamshahri ( Fellow Citizen ) since it was founded a decade ago and was a major backer of reformist President Mohammed Khatami , explained that he wanted to "leave the new mayor with a free hand to choose a director " of the paper .
Tehran had been governed by reformists since 1989, but a conservative city council was elected in the February 28 municipal polls in a result attributed to a meager turnout amid growing public disillusionment with electoral politics.
Mahmud Ahmadi-Nejad , reported to be a hardliner among conservatives , was appointed mayor on Saturday and a change in Hamshahri 's management -- as well as its editorial line -- has been considered inevitable given the election result.
Founded by former mayor Gholamhossein Karbaschi , Hamshahri was quick to become Iran 's biggest-selling daily with a circulation of 450,000 . It also built up healthy finances, carrying scores of pages of private advertisements daily.
This is a very busy base . We want to give you a look right now at the aircraft coming in for landings. It looks like LAX on a Sunday night and this is what it 's been like for the past 11 days. We have just watched multitudes of warplanes land, multitudes of warplanes take off and this may be the busiest night of the campaign. They 're expecting a total at this particular base near the Iraqi border of 300 sorties in a 24-hour period ending today according to the Air Force total from all the bases and there are more than 30 bases in 12 different countries in the Middle East according to the Pentagon . They 're saying there will be 1500 sorties in a 24-hour period ending tomorrow. Eight hundred of those sorties will be strike sorties using bombs and missiles so there is no slow down in the amount of air power being used over Iraq . Wolf , back to you .
That's a lot of bombs and missiles . Gary Tuchman in an air base near the Iraq border , thanks very much, Gary Tuchman . This programming note, tomorrow at noon Eastern I 'll have a special interview with the nation 's top military officer , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . General Richard Myers will be my special guest on a special late addition. That's at noon Eastern, nine A.M. Pacific tomorrow. That's Sunday and I 'll be back Judy and at the top of the hour for Wolf Blitzer Reports. We 'll have a complete wrap of all the day's late breaking developments. In the meantime, back to Judy Woodruff in Washington .
We 'll be watching you both times at the top of the hour and certainly for late edition on Sunday. Thanks Wolf . Well, as coalition forces push north, they are encountering a unique problem of combat, getting rid of the weapons captured from the enemy . Some of the 40,000 British troops are kicking up a lot of dust in the Iraqi desert making sure that nothing is left behind them that could hurt them . Greg Milam is with the U.K . forces in southern Iraq .
Seemingly deserted, these battered buildings hold a deadly threat to British forces in Iraq .
This is what we 're coming across a lot of these , 30 mil , 60 mil , 80 mil , even 120 mil . So there's plenty still out there that will have to be recovered because they can be used.
Do you know when this place was last used? I mean do you know (UNINTELLIGIBLE)
I 'm not too sure but judging by some of this, it 's been here quite a long time so whether it 's been used recently by them - there was an Intel upbeat saying that they were possibly coming back to try and get this to use against them .
Grenades , mortars , all sorts of ammunition abandoned by Iraqi soldiers but there for the taking. The job of these Royal Engineers is to clear this and many other mountains of armaments and destroy them . Some are too unstable to be moved and have to be blown up on the spot. The rest is carried way out into the desert . And today's parts in this conflict, this kind of work becomes more and more important. With the coalition forces moving forward the last thing they want is weaponry like this lurking behind them .
With the amounts of ammunition and weapons left about, if they 'd used those systems, that amount of weapon it would have given us a considerable amount of trouble trying to take the positions.
With much of this weaponry there is only one safe thing to do. No one in the British forces here is willing to take any risks. Greg Milam , Sky News , Southern Iraq .
Peyton Manning broke Dan Marino 's season touchdown record today with 49 against the San Diego Chargers in a thrilling game that ended in overtime. I was happy to see Manning break the record, as last week he decided to take a knee to end the game against the Baltimore Ravens when he could have tried to increase the lead even more by throwing a touchdown. Manning is all class and ranks with the best quarterbacks of all time. Marino 's 48 TD record was set in 1984.
On a much sadder note, the Minister of Defense , Reggie White , died of heart attack this morning in his home at the age of 43. White played a total of 15 years with Philadelphia , Green Bay and Carolina . He retired after the 2000 season as the NFL 's all-time leader in sacks with 198. The mark has since been passed by Bruce Smith .
In a recent blog post Michelle Malkin mentions the "abortion jewelry" marketed by the lovely feminist of "Unf*cked P*ssy," Joanna Rytel . Not that I was surprised - considering not long ago we were introduced to a people who proudly donned the " I had an abortion" slogan with great pride on their t-shirts.
The first trackback entry is from the typical anti- Christian variety:
Ms . Rytel is absolutely correct, the anti-abortion Christians have managed to convice (sic) nearly everyone that abortion is wrong and people should feel horribly guilty over it. Like we haven't heard this rant before. Yes, only the Christians value life when it's a life before birth. Of course it would be wrong to make people feel "horribly guilty" over abortion, but celebrating the skull-cracking procedure "for the sake of the child" in the form of t-shirts and jewelry is to be admired. The problem for the pro-abortion movement is that hardly anyone is taking a stand to reverse this societal brainwashing. Even by calling the movement "pro-choice" instead of "pro-abortion," it gives credence to the Christian loonies .
Here is where I agree with my fellow Libertarian . "Pro-choice" is a soft and weak label for what those people really truly represent. I prefer pro-murder, anti-life or anti-responsibility as a suitable replacement.
Iraqis Mistakenly Believe Soldiers Have Sights on Sacred Landmark
Back now to the battlefront and to the southern city of Najaf , home to one of Islam's holiest sites , moments of tension that could have gone either way today. Armed coalition soldiers moving toward a venerated mosque at the request of a Muslim cleric , but angry locals who didn't understand what they were trying to do. CNN 's Ryan Chilcote is in Najaf with the 101st Airborne .
A tip leads the Bastogne Brigade 's No Slack Batallion to this parking lot in Najaf where the Fedayeen are said to have stashed weapons . The search turns up nothing. The only resistance comes from a Volvo . The Shia population seems curious and friendly but they don't get too close. This man agrees to be interviewed as long as his face isn't shown. The Iraqi government , he says, has satellite TV. Anybody could be an informer and punish us for talking to you , even my family , he tells me in Arabic. The troops also keep their distance.
Yes, it's very uneasy out here . Don't know who 's who .
Sergeant Rod Sutton from Indiana on the corner of a street leading to the highly sensitive Imam Ali Shrine , one of the holiest sites in the world for Shia Muslims . Does it make you nervous that you 're so close to the Ali mosque ? Do you feel like you 're tramping on.
To some extent, I feel fortunate that I 'm here , because this is something I never would have seen before. And now that I see it I kind of understand some of the history behind it . So, it makes me more appreciative of it . To the same extent, I don't want to be invasive with these people here. I don't want to trample on their holy ground , and I want to respect that as much as I can.
Word comes from the grand Ayatollah Sistani that he 's willing to meet the American commander , but he asks first for soldiers to secure his compound , located halfway down the road to the mosque . No one explains that to the crowd . (on camera): There is no more striking example of the sensitivities that the U.S . soldiers face here than what is taking place on the streets right up from the ah Ali mosque right now. (voice-over): Chaos as the crowd apparently believes the soldiers want to approach the shrine .
They want to get inside the holy shrine of Imam Ali .
Clerics appear with a message from the grand Ayatollah , but the message is did drowned out. The colonel instructs his men to stay calm.
They got to understand, he wants us here. Smile, relax.
His soldiers take a knee, their weapons brought down from the ready position. They do everything soldiers can to appear less hostile. But the potential for confrontation remains. The commander makes the decision.
He orders his men back to their compound to await cooler heads. Ryan Chilcote , CNN with the 101st Airborne in Najaf , Iraq .
And CNN 's Nic Robertson telling us earlier, significant that the Shia Muslim Ayatollahs , what they did, that they were cooperating with coalition and U.S . troops , saying that that will send an important signal to Shia Muslims throughout the country . Well, U.S . officials are investigating two possible friendly fire incidents in which coalition forces may have mistakenly shot at allied aircraft . In one of the incidents, a soldier was killed and several others wounded. Before word of that death, 40 Americans had been killed by hostile fire in Operation Iraqi Freedom. Eleven of them by friendly fire or in other accidents. Most of the 27 British troops killed have been victims of friendly fire or accidents. Meantime, Iraq says that 420 civilians , they say, have been killed during the war. And they say 4,000 injured. U.S . officials say more than 4,000 Iraqis have been captured. Seven Americans we know remain prisoners of war in Iraq . Fifteen others are said to be still missing in action. Well, when they do finally enter Baghdad , U.S . and coalition troops could face urban combat with the Republican Guard , some of whom may have withdrawn into the city . But the U.S . military is expecting to remain focused on specific targets in the Iraqi capital . Nevertheless, CNN 's Miles O'Brien is with our military analyst , Lieutenant Colonel Robert Leonard , he is a Persian Gulf War veteran and a military science professor at West Virginia University -- Miles .
Chris Matthews , that idiot talking head over at MSNBC , said yesterday about the terrorists we fought in Fallujah "a rival , I mean they 're not bad guys especially, just people who just disagree with us "....this just amazes me , the complete idiocy of this waste of human sperm. These are the same terrorists blowing up families , chopping off heads of civilians , and the complete disregard for any human life and they just disagree with us ?
Tell that to the family of Margaret Hassan , the school teacher who was brutally tortured and then slaughtered by these same guys , they ain't so bad are they Chris Matthews ? This women who was known for her 30 years of work in Iraq , distributing medicine, food and supplies to Iraqis suffering under the sanctions of the 1990s.
British officials say they believe Hassan was a blindfolded woman seen being shot in the head by a hooded militant on a video obtained but not aired by the Arab television station Al-Jazeera . She would be the first foreign woman to die in the wave of kidnappings in Iraq . No group has claimed responsibility.
On Sunday, Marines found the mutilated body of what they believe was a Western woman on a street in Fallujah during the U.S . assault on the insurgent stronghold . The body , clothed in what appeared to be a purple, velour dress, was wrapped in a blanket, with a blood-soaked black cloth nearby. As of Tuesday night, the U.S . command said the body had not been identified.
These are the reasons that none of these mothereffers should ever see the light of day... they need to be all lined up and shot. Torturing this poor women for what? WHAT? And we should treat them as enemy soldiers under the Geneva Convention. Last I remember the convention applies to countries that signed the document and the two countries must have standing armies with uniforms....the Iraqi military is at our side, the terrorists are not. Since when are terrorists soldiers ? They are lower then dogs.
Finally there is this written by a student of Mrs . Hassan She was my English teacher
In the memory of my teacher and a fellow aid worker colleague Mrs . M. Hassan
Mrs . Hassan was my English teacher in The British Council in Baghdad in Al-Wazirya district , I remember her years ago with her Irish accent telling me it's not Important how many words I must learn but the pronunciation of the words I already knew must be perfected.
Mrs . Hassan speak s perfect Arabic and she has a heart of gold, she 's been killed by ( men in pajamas), turn Iraq upside down and find them . The Marines will find them , and when they do they shall die.
North Korea tough talk provides backdrop for second day of nuclear talks with United States, China
Talks between North Korea , the United States and China ended Thursday with U.S. State Department officials saying it was uncertain whether discussions on Pyongyang 's nuclear program would continue.
Although North Korea accused the United States of leading the region toward war in its state media , U.S . officials denied reports the talks had broken down. North Korea also hinted during the meetings that they have nuclear weapons and may conduct a test, a U.S . official said.
Earlier, Secretary of State Colin Powell had told a gathering of experts from the Asia - Pacific region that the talks had concluded, leaving the impression there would not be a third day of discussions on Friday.
Powell also expressed hope that South Korea and Japan will be able to participate ``when and if'' there is another round of talks.
`` North Korea should not leave the meetings having the slightest impression that they might force us to make a concession we would not otherwise make,'' he added.
But U.S. State Department officials , asking not to be identified, said there may be more meetings on Friday. They said reports of a breakdown in the talks were a ``misrepresentation.''
One official said: `` We had the opportunity to say what we needed to say and to hear what the North Koreans wanted to tell us .''
A U.S . official said the North Koreans implied during the talks that they have nuclear weapons and that they may conduct a test. But the official said there are no indications a test is imminent. He acknowledged that preparations for an underground test could be concealed.
According to the official , a North Korean nuclear detonation would deplete by half their estimated stockpile of two weapons .
In Beijing , chief U.S . negotiator , Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly , declined to answer questions, saying only the sides ``had talks.''
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao refused to provide details, but said the talks were ``conducive to mutual understanding and finding ways to resolve the North Korean nuclear question peacefully.''
Discussions were scheduled to end Friday, when Kelly was to fly to Seoul the same day to meet with South Korean officials .
The talks are the first high-level U.S .- North Korean contact since tensions over the North 's nuclear program spiked six months ago over Washington 's claim that the North said in October it was trying to develop nuclear weapons in violation of a 1994 pledge. The North has disputed the U.S . claim.
Washington and its allies suspended fuel shipments to North Korea as punishment. The North retaliated by withdrawing from the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, expelling U.N . inspectors and restarting a plutonium-producing reactor.
North Korea , which is seeking a guarantee from the United States that it won't be attacked, ratcheted up the threat of conflict in a statement issued by its official Korean Central News Agency accusing Washington of escalating tensions.
The North 's leaders fear they could be the next target for U.S . military action.
``The situation on the Korean Peninsula is so tense that a war may break out any moment due to the U.S . moves,'' the KCNA statement said.
It said relations with the United States had hit ``rock bottom'' because U.S . President George W. Bush named North Korea as part of an `` axis of evil,'' along with Iran and Iraq .
KCNA said the war in Iraq had shown the only way for a country to protect itself was to have a strong military deterrent. Officials from Seoul and Washington say the swift U.S .-led victory in Iraq prompted North Korea to agree to the nuclear talks.
North Korea said the ``master key'' for successful talks was for the United States to drop its hostile policy toward Pyongyang .
In a likely reference to North Korea 's demand for a nonaggression treaty with Washington , KCNA said: ``The U.S . should settle the talks from a sincere stand and strive to settle the essential issue.''
Washington has refused to offer a formal treaty but says it would consider some sort of written assurance.
The North also likely wants aid for its economy, which has been crippled by the loss of Soviet subsidies and years of drought and mismanagement.
North Korea and China fought against the United States in the 1950-53 Korean War, which ended without a peace treaty. North Korea and Washington have no formal relations and are still technically at war.
China , the North 's ally and major aid donor , says it doesn't want Pyongyang to acquire nuclear weapons and has appealed for a negotiated settlement to the crisis.
A U.S . official praised the Chinese contribution to the discussions. He said China 's delegate specifically called for a denuclearized Korean Peninsula and made specific reference to a 1992 promise Pyongyang made to South Korea not to develop nuclear weapons .
Ri Gun , deputy director of American affairs for North Korea 's Foreign Ministry is representing North Korea at the talks. China 's delegation is led by Fu Ying , director general of the Asian Affairs Department of its Foreign Ministry .
night opens on the " uss john c. stennis ." on this deployment they primarily fly after dark so the ship 's schedule is upside down, the crew sleeps by day and works all night. this is day two of war time operations for the " stennis " and "operation iraqi freedom." for the next 12 hours into the morning, planes from the carrier will fly missions over afghanistan . there is only a faint orange light on deck , punctuated by this. to adjust their eyes for night vision, crew members make their way through passageways glowing in dim red light. on the flight deck , a walkover check for debris is lit only by flashlight. the dangers of the flight deck being blown overboard by jets , slight sliced by propellers or other hazards that are hard enough to avoid in daylight are all the more intense at night. the intricate coordination of launch and recovery plays out as a dance in the darkness. the complexity of it all has been described as a ballet and if it is a ballet, the choreographer of the flight deck is this man here. he is the handler .
Do people never learn from the mistakes of others?
For those of you not from around these parts , Linda Schrenko WAS the State of Georgia 's Superintendant of schools . It seems that in recent years, instead of doing the people 's business, good ole Linda has spent her time stealing over 600 grand in Federal Education funds. She used it for various things, but the favorite is the nine grand she spent on a facelift.
One thing that made me laugh is that she showed up at her indictment in a fur coat.
Ummm, am I the only one that learned anything from the Michael Irvin drug trial of the mid 90's? You never EVER show up at court , especially facing indictment for stealing large sums of money, wearing a fucking FUR COAT!! Fake or not, you look like you 're rubbing the common man 's nose in it.
Schrenko is a scumbag and, although she won't get any actual jail time, I hope the fine she pleads to is at least as much as what she stole. Otherwise, she 's learned nothing.
Remember when Michael Milken got busted, he was not forced to give up his secret accounts, and when the fine of 600 million was levied... HE PAID IT!! Hell, at his zenith, that's what he made in ONE YEAR!!
"Um...how much, your honor ? 600 large? Yeah, lem me just get my checkbook out of my diamond encrusted briefcase."
Schrenko stole 20 times what Martha Stewart did, and I bet she won't see the wrong side of a jail cell door, and that's sad. Because it's people like Schrenko for which jails were specifically designed...
Much like the " I told you so's" everyone is throwing at the UGA basketball program after their hiring and subsequent firing of The Harricks , folks around the Buckeye state have to be having similar thoughts.
It seems that AD and frequent "No we didn't" Ohio State front man Andy Geiger is "retiring" after 11 years at the helm.
Maybe it's me , but I 'm guessing Andy 's tired of putting on TV makeup and going on the news lying about what he or Tressel knew about their athletes in general and their football program in particular. It seems that Maurice Clarrett -gate just isn't going away.
Two years ago, everyone was saying "shame on you , Maurice . You should have known better." Now, it seems like most folks are saying "Shame on you both Andy and Jim . YOU both should have know better."
Allegations have come to light that several OSU players received illegal benefits including cash, access to cars , etc. Now, I don't expect the AD and coach to know everything, but when a player is driving a brand new car every couple of weeks or months, well, somebody ought to jot a memo and get to the bottom of that.
It shouldn't surprise Buckeye fans either, since Tressel had similar problems at Youngstown State , and left a wake of controversy behind himself there as well, including (surprise) illegal benefits including cash, cars , grade fixing, etc.
Geiger is also tired from saying " we didn't do anything wrong" about his basketball program . Of course, it was discovered that his men's basketball coach had directly given six grand to a Yugoslavian recruit , but that was just his stipend for travel and coach Jim O'Brien was just having a problem with the currency exchange rates...right Andy ?
I only hope that the NCAA will do something they rarely do: make a good sound decision and take away Ohio State 's national title from January 2003. It seems they had a very important and very ineligible player that season, and maybe many . I 'd hate to give another title to Thugtown Miami , but I 'd give it to Alabama before I 'd think it was okay for Ohio State to keep.
sharon osbourne did not enjoy her meal at a los angeles restaurant last night. ozzy 's wife reportedly got into a fight with hollywood agent renee tab . sharon spit on tab and called her names. osbourne 's spokeswomen says sharon was quote, "viciously assaulted and treated at a hospital ." disagreement between the women began months ago when osbourne said tab atended her family 's new year's eve party uninvited and then won the door prize, a $15,000 necklace. a spokesman says that if any charges are filed, they will be on the low end of the misdemeanor scale.
Back in 1996, budget cuts eliminated the job of State Archaeologist. Now, according to the Virginian-Pilot , the job is about to come back via HB 2078 . With all this surplus floating around and the Jamestown 2007 celebration coming up, who wants the state to be shorthanded in archaeology?
The last State Archaeologist , Catherine Slusser , is still around, according to the article, serving the Department of Historical Resources . She describes the untenable ongoing situation with archaeology budget cuts: "Few Virginia employees have attended national conferences."
I nominate John K . for Virginia 's first poet laureate.
Diller resigns as head of Vivendi Universal Entertainment
Barry Diller resigned as co-chief executive of Vivendi Universal Entertainment , saying it was appropriate for him to step down while Paris -based Vivendi Universal entertains bids for Universal Studios , Universal 's theme parks and other entertainment assets .
Diller was appointed interim CEO of Vivendi Universal 's U.S .-based entertainment assets last year while Vivendi Universal concentrated on repaying a massive debt.
Cash-strapped Vivendi wants to sell Universal Studios , its Universal theme parks and television production company . Former oilman Marvin Davis has offered $20 billion for VUE , plus Universal Music Group . Vivendi also is holding talks with Viacom , MGM and other buyers interested in acquiring all or parts of its entertainment companies .
Diller served as co-CEO with Vivendi Universal chairman Jean-Rene Fourtou .
`` My executive role was never intended to be permanent,'' Diller said in a statement Wednesday. ``Now that Vivendi Universal has begun a formal process in reviewing options for its entertainment assets , it is appropriate to step aside from any direct management responsibility.''
Diller , 61, remains chief executive officer of USA Interactive , which operates the Home Shopping Network , Ticketmaster , Match.com and Expedia , among other companies , and has a 5.4 percent stake in VUE .
Diller will continue to play a critical role in the future of Vivendi 's entertainment arm . He personally owns 1.5 percent of the joint venture . Diller also owns preferred stock in Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
Diller also is believed to be interested in his own bid for one or more of the entertainment unit 's assets , most likely the film studio .
In a recent interview, Diller told The Associated Press he would be interested in an opportunity to bid as long as it did not require him to serve as chief executive . Diller has maintained his top interest is serving as head of USA Interactive .
Diller has served as head of Paramount and Twentieth Century Fox , where he helped launch the Fox Television network . While at Fox , he was instrumental in creating such shows as ``Married with Children'' and ``The Simpsons.''
He started his entertainment career at ABC , where he is credited with creating the ``movie of the week'' concept.
Shares of USA Interactive fell $2.08, or nearly 8 percent, to $24.41 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange , where Vivendi 's U.S . shares rose 35 cents to $15.15.
it is 11:00 a.m. on the east coast . from the cnn center in atlanta , i 'm fred fred . a first here on "cnn live today," a spiraling cycle of violence threatening the latest middle east peace efforts. this morning hamas vows revenge for an israeli missile attack. israeli hospital gun ships fired on a jeep in gaza . the strike targeted a hamas leader . and two other people were killed including a mother and bodyguard . mike hanna is tracking the latest developments from there . he joins us live with the details. mike ?
U.S. and British troops move on Basra following assault on Baghdad
U.S . and British troops were moving on the strategic southern port city of Basra Saturday after a massive aerial assault pounded Baghdad at dawn. Thousands of beleaguered Iraqi soldiers in the south surrendered in the face of the major push.
The battle for Basra , an oil hub of some 1.3 million people , was underway by midday, with coalition troops trying to surround Iraqi positions and force a surrender. U.S . aircraft bombed Iraqi tanks holding bridges close to the city . Iraqi forces responded with artillery fire.
Earlier Saturday, Baghdad was again targeted, one day after a massive U.S . aerial bombardment in which more than 300 Tomahawk cruise missiles rained down on the capital . The nine-story Security Headquarters in the Iraqi capital took a direct hit, strewing bricks, masonry and glass across the street in the al-Salhiya neighborhood of central Baghdad .
As coalition troops advanced, an entire Iraqi army division gave itself up, U.S . military officials said.
The division  _  the 51st Infantry Division , with 8,000 men and as many as 200 tanks , a key unit in the defense of Basra  _  was the largest defection in a day when Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's forces showed signs of crumbling.
Allied successes were marred by the collision of two Royal Navy helicopters over the Persian Gulf in which all six British crew members and one American were killed.
Saturday morning, American Marines and British troops rumbled along the main road from the Kuwaiti border to Basra , Highway 80 , nicknamed the `` Highway of Death '' during the 1991 Gulf War, when U.S . airstrikes wiped out an Iraqi military convoy along it .
American units advancing west of Basra have already secured the Rumeila oil field , whose daily output of 1.3 million barrels makes it Iraq 's most productive .
Until Basra , U.S . and British troops had encountered little resistance, even when they seized nearby Umm Qasr , and moved to secure key oil fields . Iraqis mostly fought back with small arms , pistols , machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades .
Regular Iraqi forces had withdrawn from Basra but elements of Saddam 's security forces are continuing to resist, British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon said Saturday.
Other units moved into airfield complexes in western Iraq believed to have Scud missiles capable of reaching Israel , and possibly weapons of mass destruction.
Early Saturday, more units were waiting in Kuwait to smash through any Iraqi resistance. Hundreds of tanks , armored personnel carriers , Humvees and trucks were lined up in parallel columns waiting in single-file to cross the Iraqi - Kuwait border .
By early next week, U.S . ground forces led by the Army 's 3rd Infantry Division are likely to be at the outskirts of Baghdad , where they could face greater danger from the Republican Guard , some commanders said.
After weeks of delay, Turkey relented and agreed to let combat aircraft fly over its territory . At the same time, however, Turkey sent 1,000 troops into northern Iraq , and the government said it would send more to prevent Iraqi Kurds from creating an independent state . The United States strongly opposes any unilateral move by Turkey into northern Iraq .
A Turkish military spokesman on Saturday denied Turkish troops had crossed into Iraq .
The United States and Britain suffered their first casualties Thursday and Friday as they pushed into Iraq , with two U.S . Marines killed in combat and another eight British and four American Marines dying in a helicopter crash that appeared to be accidental. There was no clear figure of Iraqi casualties.
Australian commandos , who have been operating deep in Iraq , destroyed a command and control post and killed a number of soldiers , according to the country 's defense chief , Gen . Peter Cosgrove .
In an address Saturday, Information Minister Mohammed Saeed al-Sahhaf told Iraqis that fighting had been ``fierce.'' He said most of those captured by allied forces were civilians , not soldiers . He claimed Iraqi troops had destroyed five tanks .	 He said more than 200 Iraqis had been injured, including women , children and other civilians who were being treated at five hospitals in Baghdad .
Hoon said Saddam 's regime was crumbling under the pressure of a huge air assault. ``As last night's dramatic television coverage showed, the lights stayed on in Baghdad , but the instruments of tyranny are collapsing,'' he said.
Iraqi Vice President Taha Yasin Ramadan , speaking on Iraqi Radio , was quoted by the British Broadcasting Corp .'s monitoring service as accusing Britain and the United States of working to ``eliminate'' the state of Iraq .
In a letter to U.N . Secretary-General Kofi Annan , Ramadan said, ``It is also regrettable and deplorable that the ( U.N .) General Secretariat has not issued any statement or reaction that condemns or deplores this aggression.''
Despite the heavy bombing, which the U.S . Central Command said targeted military command and control installations , the Iraqi regime gave no sign of quitting. Bombers have also hit targets in the northern cities of Mosul , Kirkuk and Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown .
The Iraqi government released a video of Saddam , in uniform, meeting with his son Qusai , the commander of the Republican Guard , and the defense minister , Gen . Sultan Hashim Ahmad . It was unclear when the video was made.
U.S . intelligence officials said the Iraqi command and control system was in disarray, and U.S . Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said, ``The regime is starting to lose control of their country .''
we are back. it's been a few days since we had any new developments in the laci peterson case. it appears we do have something to talk about this morning. perhaps a search for some new evidence under way. let's check in with our rusty dornin , out in modesto , california , with the latest on that.
reporter : we knew it was a matter of time before police got back into the water in san francisco bay looking for more evidence in the laci peterson case. that happened this morning. numerous agency r agencies boats with sonar technology and divers into san francisco bay . they came from the richmond marina as well as the urbuinano island , the coast guard station . it 's being used as a staging area . they are going to be launching a search for what may be left in the bay here now. as you know about a month ago laci peterson 's body washed up right here . an area called point isabelle. right across the channel here is an area known as brooks island. they believe -- police say that is where scott peterson told them that he did go fishing the day that laci peterson did disappear. now, a source close to the investigation has told me that what they are really looking for are concrete anchors or weights which may have parts of laci peterson 's body or clothing or something attached to it. that they did discover a concrete weight in scott peterson 's wearhouse . if it matched, that would be something that could link scott peterson -- it would be like a smoking gun in this case. inevitably they are looking for something linked to laci peterson , whether
Here's an incredible story about an unsung hero until now. From BBC News : A retired Italian doctor has revealed for the first time how he invented a fictitious disease which fooled the Nazis during World War II. The trick of prescribing Jews with a mysterious illness terrified the Nazis and saved 45 Roman Jews .
Dr Vittorio Sacerdoti has told his remarkable tale on the 60th anniversary of liberation of Rome . Just 28 years old at the time, he used courage and ingenuity to save 45 people from certain death.
As other Jews were being rounded up, Dr Sacerdoti admitted anyone who could reach the hospital as patients - and diagnosed them with a dangerous disease.
" We would write on their medical forms that the patient was suffering from K Syndrome," he said. " We called it K after the German commander Kesserling - the Nazis thought it was cancer or tuberculosis, and they fled like rabbits."
K Syndrome saved his cousin , Luciana Sacerdoti , who was just 10 years old.
"The day the Nazis came to the hospital , someone came to our room and said: ' You have to cough, you have to cough a lot because they are afraid of the coughing, they don't want to catch an awful disease and they won't enter'."
Mother held after a second baby found dead in Wisconsin
The skeleton of a second baby has been found at a rural Wisconsin home where a 22-year-old woman 's dead infant was discovered in a blue plastic container June 8, officials said Monday.
Kristin Scott , the mother , told police she gave birth secretly to both babies at her parents ' home in Byrds Creek , Richland County , one of unknown sex in April 2001 and the other , a fullterm girl , January 14.
Police arrested her in Abilene , Texas , Saturday where she had moved with a friend June 2.
She is being held on 50,000 dollars bail on a charge of first-degree reckless homicide and hiding a corpse in the death of the infant born in January.
Scott told police she did not tend to the baby , and it died after 30 minutes. She said the baby had to die, according to the criminal complaint.
The woman 's parents , William and Nancy Scott, found the decomposing body of the first baby in her closet after they went looking for the source of a foul odor in their house .
Scott told investigators she had moved that body around before she moved to Texas , sometimes in the closet at the Byrds Creek house , in the trunk of her car and in the closet of her apartment in Richland Center , the complaint said.
The sheriff released no other details about the second baby .
Indonesia delays execution of convicts including Indian on death row
Indonesia will delay the execution of six convicts including an Indian on death row after five of them appealed to the Supreme Court for a second review, prosecutors said Thursday.
"If we execute them now we can't bring them to life again should their appeals for a review be granted," said Antasari Azhar , spokesman for the attorney general's office .
The Supreme Court rejected earlier appeals for a case review from five of the convicts . The sixth offender has only made one appeal for a review.
President Megawati Sukarnoputri has refused clemency for the six and asked for a speedy execution. Five of them are Indonesians convicted of murders while the other is an Indian drug offender , Ayodhya Prasad Chaubey .
" We are talking about someone 's life or death so we have to be very careful," Azhar said.
A convict can file a case review or appeal for presidential clemency only after the Supreme Court upholds a sentence imposed by a lower court .
Apart from those convicted of murder, 16 people are on death row for drug trafficking -- 11 foreigners , four Indonesians and a Dutch citizen of Chinese - Indonesian origin.
Indonesian courts have increasingly handed out severe sentences, including death, for drug smugglers . Narcotics abuse is an increasingly serious problem in the country .
Amnesty International has appealed to Indonesia to spare the lives of convicted drug offenders and others , saying there was no proof the death penalty deters would-be traffickers more effectively than other punishments.
Use of the death penalty is rare in Indonesia , where the last execution was carried out in May 2001 of two men convicted of a murder in 1989. It was the first execution for five years.
general brooks talking about three major points. one is the capture of number 24 as it's described, samir who is responsible for the baghdad district , indications are the kurds in the north handed this man over so this is number 4 out of that playing card deck of 55 that the u.s . is after. top leaders in iraq . also that bomb site in baghdad hit about a week and a half ago, the mansour district . no remains identified just yet, general brooks says, but only the initial surveys have been completed so far. there is strong speculation that saddam hussein may be his two sons were inside of that building when it was hit by coalition bombs , or may have left prior to the bombing taking place. again, all this is an outstanding issue right now. in the north , you 're going to hear a lot about the shallow graves today. at least 1500, maybe 1600 graves located in the north . jane arraf has made her way to that location and we heard her first live report about an hour ago and we will talk with jane again. we know that, quote, work will be done with the iraqis and that work will come, we are told, in the coming days. a wrap from centcom and here is fredricka whitfield at the cnn center .
Interview With Ralph Nader, Donald Palmisano; Interview With 
Welcome back to CROSSFIRE. Over in Iraq , arms inspectors are discovering and destroying missiles . Spy planes are searching for more banned arms , and Iraqi scientists are being interviewed by U.N . weapons inspectors . But here in Washington , President Bush says it's all a hoax, and many believe he has already made up his mind to go to war. Back with us to talk about it, two Congressmen : J.D. Hayworth , the Republican from Arizona , and Bernie Sanders , an Independent from Vermont .
Congressman Sanders , you 're opposed to this war. I 'm not crazy about it myself . But I want to ask you a question. When the guns begin to fire, when the American men and women are in harm's way and may be dying, is that now the time for you and your allies to shut up and support the troops ?
Well it's not -- are you suggesting that when tens and thousands of Iraqi women and children are killed, and when young men and women in this country are unnecessarily put at harm's risk, what should we do? The answer is, these are my neighbors from Vermont and obviously we 're going to support them . And obviously we 're going to pray that there's fewer casualties...
Are you going to demonstrate against them in the streets ?
No, I don't demonstrate against anybody during a war. But let' s be clear. The president almost unilaterally is putting us in this position against world opinion.
Didn't the Congress support it? I thought you voted for it.
Yes. The Congress gave him authority, but the American people disagreed with the decision.
Congressman Hayworth , back to a comment. And I know that you meant it and I agreed with it. You said, " This is Saddam Hussein , the butcher of Baghdad ." I 'm curious, would that have accurately described him in 1988?
Oh, yes. I think it does. I think it has described him , especially since he 's taken basically a one- man rule over with the Baath Party in 1979.
I agree. Therefore, wasn't Dick Cheney , as the CEO of Halliburton , wrong to be selling oilfield equipment to the butcher of Baghdad in 1988?
I don't know about any oil equipment going to Saddam Hussein . What I do know in the here and now is...
That's fine. And I know you 'd love to cloud the issue.
No, it's so important -- you know this -- and I know it's fun and we love doing partisan Punch & Judy, but is there ever a time when we stand up even if we respectfully disagree with the commander in chief and those who would wage war? Dissent is fine, but these cheap shots, I don't know anything about Halliburton .
He had $73 million worth of (UNINTELLIGIBLE) to sell oilfield equipment to Saddam Hussein .
What I do know is Saddam Hussein has butchered over a million of his own citizens . And to somehow try to play partisan parlor games may be cute, but we are dealing with a clear and present danger.
Would you have treated him as a customer , the way Dick Cheney did?
Furthermore, the United States supported him in the war against Iran .
Yes. Hello? Iran had hostages . Seventy-nine Americans were held hostage.
What we 're talking about is the unpredictable nature of war and what could happen in this war. For example -- wait a second -- in Iran , the reason that you had Ayatollah Khomeini in power is he overthrew the Shah . You who put the Shah in power? The United States of America .
I want to get to that point. But the problem with Khomeini was that the guy who he overthrew was put in power by the United States . I can't quite figure that out.
We overthrew (UNINTELLIGIBLE) and put the Shah of Iran in power. Everybody knows that. The CIA did that.
But I mean you 're attacking the CIA for putting him in, when it was -- the problem was Khomeini .
No, the point I made, Khomeini came about because we put a brutal dictator , the Shah of Iran , in power. The point that I am making is you cannot...
You 're talking about blowback. You don't know what happens when the most powerful nation on Earth invades and occupies a Muslim nation and kills tens of thousands of people .
Congressman Sanders (UNINTELLIGIBLE). Bernie Sanders , an Independent from Vermont , thank you very much. Congressman J.D. Hayworth , a Republican from Arizona , thank you both very much. We will come back to this debate, believe me . One of our viewers , though, thinks there's a sure fire way to get that al Qaeda ring leader to talk. We 'll let him fire back in a little bit. But next, out of all of the pictures from this weekend's nail biter between J.D. Hayworth 's alma mater of (UNINTELLIGIBLE) state, and Bob Novak 's beloved University of Maryland , only one photo is dramatic enough or politically charged enough to be the CROSSFIRE "Picture of the Day." You do not want to miss this.
bombardment of baghdad continues tonight and over the past 20 minutes, explosions rocking baghdad , central baghdad southern baghdad , the outskirts of baghdad , and importantly, as the coalition forces , principally u.s. army forces , move against saddam hussein international airport -- which is about ten miles outside the center of baghdad -- those explosions are intensifies. if we may again going to the wide screen of what appears to me to be abu dhabi television that is providing this picture, 3:20 a.m. in baghdad , live pictures again. that it is very difficult to discern whether or not that is, in point of fact, the missiles that we have become accustomed to striking baghdad and its environs , or whether it is the large 2,000 pound jdam bombs that have been striking targets sclected by the coalition in baghdad , or whether these flashes now represent artillery barrages as fighting continues to take control of the -- to take control of saddam international airport . again, correspondents , our correspondents with the -- embedded with these forces , with them in the field, saying in some cases they can see the lights of the skyline of baghdad . over the course of the past two weeks, since this war began, something like 23,000 coalition sorties have been flown, and over the course of the past 24 hours, 1,900 sorties flown. and we are told that, of those, 850 were strike sorties, motor vehicle most of those directed against the republican guard . as you know, the republican guard just outside baghdad to defend the city and saddam hussein 's regime , in principal. two of those divisions absolutely devastated, destroyed. the so-called medina division , and the baghdad division . the baghdad division , of course, getting its name from the fact that it is the republican guard division designated to defend principally baghdad . four other divisions we are told have also been hit very, very very hard and are principally trying to reinforce units va also been hit very hard. so we are seeing a lot of what some of the military officials are calling a method that does not seem to be directed by one person from the center of baghdad . and that raises questions, questions that have been in front of us since that first strike on march 19th against the location that the cia military intelligence thought was a place where saddam hussein , perhaps his sons , were. that preemptive strike they put, i think somewhat elegantly, trying to strike at the head of the snake. new explosions rocking parts of baghdad tonight. we will continue to monitor that. we , of course, will bring the word to you just as soon as the army and coalition forces do take control of saddam hussein international airport , just on the outskirts of baghdad . in southern iraq today, british forces also moving closer to the center of the second largest city in iraq , basra . they captured an iraqi base in an unused factory in the southern suburbs of that city . tim hewart of itn reports.
State refused bid to prosecute acquitted apartheid germ warfare head
South Africa 's Supreme Court of Appeal ruled Tuesday against a state request to retry the head of apartheid's germ warfare program, once accused of plotting to poison Nelson Mandela .
Wouter Basson was acquitted in April 2002 on 46 charges, ranging from murder and drug trafficking to fraud and theft.
Basson was accused of directing South Africa 's former apartheid regime 's biochemical efforts aimed at destroying its opponents .
The ruling by judges Piet Streicher and Mohamed Navsa of the Supreme Court of Appeal , the highest appeals court in the country , means that Basson cannot be tried again and his acquittal stands, the South African Press Association reported.
The state 's appeal was based on the judge refusing to recuse himself during Basson 's 2 1/2-year trial. The prosecution alleged presiding Judge Willie Hartzenberg favored Basson .
The appeal judges found Hartzenberg 's refusal did not relate to an error of law on his part.
Basson headed a program named Project Coast in the 1980's.
During the trial witnesses testified that the project involved trying to create deadly bacteria and anti-fertility drugs that would only affect blacks . They poisoned opponents ' clothing and stockpiled cholera , HIV and anthrax .
The alleged intended victims included former President Nelson Mandela and several African National Congress leaders who are now high-ranking government officials .
He had also been accused of siphoning millions of dollars from Project Coast to finance a lavish, globe -trotting lifestyle and of selling drugs.	       (sapa-es-dk)
I was on vacation from December 23rd until today, January 3rd. It's tough to come back to work after being gone for ten days, but I think it's tougher to stay home and try to do what my wife does every day, which is work, raise our daughter , keep the house , cook, and everything else.
Now, the thing I forgot to tell you was that when I walked out of the office to go home on the 23rd, there was a pink post it on my car . It said:
I am happy she left the note and took responsibility for it, but what in the fuck is going on that every couple of months I 'm taking cars to the shop for things that are not my fault? This is the third incident in 15 months, and two of the three involved other folks hitting my parked cars !! I knew my 20 year clean record would end sometime, but do the karma Gods have to beat me over the head with a shovel about it?
So today I had Enterprise pick me up at 7:15, which was great. I was worried about being late to work and, as it turned out, I was only 16 minutes late.
I was given a choice between a taurus and an impala . I took the impala . I made the wrong choice. It drives like shit. So much for my GM loyalty. They make great trucks and SUV's , but their sedans suck ass.
I will return this piece of shit on Friday, only to rent another vehicle Monday morning while we take the wife 's car to the shop to get her 1400 bucks worth of damage repaired.
I actually don't know if it will be Monday yet, as I didn' twant to ruin Joyce 's New Year by giving her the bad news. I plan to call her this morning and tell her the total, complete with my rental car for a week. I 'll let you know how it goes.
Happy New Year. Peace on earth . Goodwill towards all men , and keep away from my fucking vehicles !!
german police say a teenage lebanese gunman , who hijacked a bus today, was hoping to free a key september 11th suspect . the gunman is accused of commandeering the bus in the north german city of bremen and holding 16 people hostage during a 75-mile police chase down the autobahn . negotiators say he demanded the release of four prisoners , including ramzi binalshibh , a september 11th suspect apprehended last year in pakistan . police captured the 17-year-old hijacking suspect without firing a shot. all hostages were released unharmed.
we are watching activity in baghdad . while we do, we want to tell you marines battling for control of the bridges in the southern city of nasiriyah face stiff resistance from iraqi paramilitary groups today. for some perspective, let' s turn to miles o'brien with retired air force general don shepperd .
thank you very much. if you are going to fight on the ground , you have to encounter bridges somewhere along the way. a lot of bridges between where the 3 7 cavalry and the rest of the u.s . forces are now and their ultimate destination , downtown baghdad . we have the city laid out for you here. how many bridges in this city alone?
in this map we have right here, 13 major bridges in downtown baghdad , including the expressway bridge over here. three bridges here attaching east baghdad to west baghdad and the palace area .
this is one technique, one possible way u.s . forces might seize a bridge , a bridge that might be defended by iraqis . let' s look at the animation. typical scenario there. it doesn't really matter for this scenario that we 're laying out here. this would be representing m1-a1 tanks coming towards the bridge firing.
you have to bundle up and line up to go across that bridge . makes it vulnerable to fire from the other side .
as we turn the other direction, what you 'll see are these iraqi tanks that are kind of fortified there . they have burns in front of them . artillery behind them firing back. and then they there goes the smoke screen. the idea of the smoke screen is to obscure the oncoming forces fire ing at you from being able to see.
it works both ways. it obscures you but also obscures them .
here's an f-16 . he comes in and wants to identify his target and he 's got a big --
can't see through the smoke. we 've got some techniques we 're going to show you .
and the pope will reportedly name a new head of the troubled boston archdiocese this week. sean patrick o'malley , the bishop of palm beach , florida , is expected to replace cardinal bernard law . that's according to the national catholic reporter . law stepped down in december amid charges of widespread child sexual abuse in the church .
we 're following an important story that's developed today in gaza . two israeli helicopter air strikes against palestinian targets , hamas targets in gaza . a number of people have been killed in the first airstrike, two palestinians were killed, a mother and a child apparently. a hamas leader was injured in that strike. he 's now in a palestinian hospital . in the second apache helicopter airstrike that occurred within the past hour or so, we 're now told by palestinians , three people died, 33 others were wounded, six are in critical condition, three dead were civilians , according to palestinian sources . we 're going to continue to monitor that story for our viewers . we 're also checking out other developments right now, including this story that's just coming in from the associated press right now. i just want to get it from our computers. sam waksal has been sentenced to more that seven years in prison , ordered to pay $4 million in fines and back taxes in connection with the insider trading scandal. as you know, he pleaded guilty to those charges. he is now getting word of his sentence from the federal judge . seven years in prison , actually more than seven years in prison , $4 million in fines and back taxes, a story we 've been following here on cnn throughout the morning. we 'll have much more coming up in the next hour.
Israel hands over Rafah border crossing to Palestinians ATTENTION - RECASTS with return to pre-intifada positions, ADDS details ///
Palestinian security forces returned Monday to the positions they held in the Gaza Strip before the outbreak of the 33-month Palestinian uprising as Israel removed all major checkpoints in the coastal territory , a Palestinian security source said.
Police officers took up their positions across the Gaza Strip , enjoying a freedom of movement they have not known since the intifada exploded in September 2000, the source said.
" Palestinian police have taken over all the posts and positions they held before September 28, 2000. It is the first time they have had freedom of movement with cars and weapons since the start of the intifada," the source said.
The move marked a huge step forward in carrying out the US -backed Middle East "roadmap", which aims to end the months of bloodshed and create a lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians .
Following the withdrawal of Israeli troops from the northern town of Beit Hanoun late Sunday, police took up positions there and in the neighbouring town of Beit Lahiya , he said.
They also deployed along the border with Israel . The handover is a credibility test for the Palestinian Authority , which must show it means business when it comes to reining in hardline groups plotting attacks on the Jewish state .
In another first in the almost three-year intifada, the Israeli army allowed Palestinians free circulation on the trans- Gaza highway as troops abandoned three major checkpoints across the coastal territory .
Traffic was flowing freely through the Netzarim junction , just south of Gaza City , the Kissufim junction by Deir al-Balah in the central Gaza Strip , and the Guest House junction just south of Deir al-Balah after the army withdrew.
The three military checkpoints on the highway , which runs the entire length of the Gaza Strip , had transformed the trip from north to south , ordinarily a 30-minute ride, into a grinding two or three-hour ordeal and came to symbolise the horrors of occupation.
" Israel has implemented most of the agreement except for a few issues," the source said, pointing out that Israel had still not removed two military observation posts at the Kissufim junction and the Guest House junction .
Although there was free movement along the trans- Gaza highway , several other roads remained temporarily closed, he said.
The Karni-Netzarim road , which runs east-to-west across the route , was still closed as was the section of the highway passing close by Kfar Darom settlement , just south of the Guest House junction , he said, adding both were likely to be opened in the coming weeks.
Another road , leading from the southern border town of Rafah to Khan Yunis , would be opened within 10 days, he said.
Adressing Palestinian complaints, an Israeli military source confirmed troops had installed a gate at the Netzarim crossing and at the southern Guest House junction but said that they were only there for when Jewish settlers needed to use the road .
A ban on Palestinian men under the age of 35 being allowed to move freely was still in force but that was expected to be lifted later on Monday or early Tuesday.
The army also handed over control of Rafah border crossing between the Gaza Strip and Egypt to the Palestinians , security sources said.
Six Palestinian police officers were allowed to return to the Palestinian section of the border crossing , which had been taken over by Israeli troops shortly after the start of the uprising.
Under the 1993 Oslo accords, which granted a measure of autonomy to the Palestinians , the Rafah border crossing with Egypt was to be jointly managed by both Israel and the Palestinians , although Israel had final control over the zone .
Although the crossing has, in principle, been open for movement between the two territories -- while being frequently closed by Israeli for reasons rarely explained -- the Palestinian section has been manned by Israel for more than two years.
colorado woman wants to thank and reward the person who found her $7,000 ring she lost at the beach . tony kurran had lost the ring her husband had given her and a few days later, the ring was wrapped in a letter written in green pencil at the police department . the letter said -- he said he found the ring, gave it to his mother as a present. touching.
what he did right was give it back? i got lost. he felt bad because?
we 're getting word developing news on this middle east situation. we are getting word that u.s . ambassador to israel has delivered the white house middle east road map for peace to ariel sharon , the israeli prime minister . in part, it declares the palestinian state working towards that end and within three years, the year 2005, you 're going to hear a lot of talk about this later today and throughout the morning on cnn . the other thing we 're watching right now, take you live to baghdad inside what used to be the saddam hussein international airport . now named the baghdad international airport . we anticipate in a matter of moments, the secretary of defense , donald rumsfeld , to arrive inside of this hangar and we 'll carry his speech live when that gets underway. -- captions by vitac -- www.vitac.com just because a toothbrush t is electric, doesn't mean it works t like a sonicare . it has patented r sonic
Grandson of Toyota founder promoted to senior managing director
Toyota Motor Corp . said Tuesday it will promote Akio Toyoda , a grandson of the company 's founder who is widely viewed as a candidate to some day head Japan 's largest automaker .
Managing director Toyoda , 46, grandson of Kiichiro Toyoda and the eldest son of Toyota honorary chairman Shoichiro Toyoda , will become one of 14 senior managing directors under a streamlined management system set to be introduced after a shareholders ' meeting in June, the company said in a statement.
Toyoda , who joined Toyota , based in Toyota city , central Japan , in 1984, spearheaded the automaker 's Internet and telematics business  _
 a technology that puts wireless communications into vehicles . Considered a candidate for future Toyota president , Toyoda oversees its China business, a critical market for the automaker .
Toyoda has been on the star track for years. When he joined the board in 2000, he was its youngest member .
Under a reform led by President Fujio Cho , the membership of Toyota 's board of directors will be slashed to 27 from 58 . Executive vice presidents will be reduced to seven from nine .
The new system is designed to ``speed up decision-making and operations,'' Toyota spokesman Shigeru Hayakawa said.
Toyota 's top posts held by Cho and Chairman Hiroshi Okuda remain unchanged.
Kiichiro Toyoda founded the automaker in 1937, transforming the loom manufacturer started by his father into an automaker .
Perhaps Father Simpson was too busy telling reporters how hot he thinks his daughter , Jessica , is to wake and up and realize that his other daughter , Ashlee , is making a complete fool of herself .
Back in November I linked to this fraud 's malfunctioned SNL performance when a technical glitch caused the vocal track from her first song to repeat during the second, proving she lip-synchs, even though she has been quoted saying she doesn't.
The humiliation and assault-on-music continued last night, when for some reason she decided to use her own voice in a wretched halftime performance at the Orange Bowl which ended in a shower of boos. You can see the video here if you can stand to watch a young no-talent wannabe continue to humiliate herself in public.
The best thing Ms . Simpson can do at this point is to just stop trying and end her music career. She has already made enough money from her debut album (never again) to live out the rest of her life in some secluded California mansion . There is nothing more to the story.
no one seems to be sure what's happened to saddam hussein and his two sons , but one thing is becoming more clear -- uday and qusay were just as bad as their father if not worse. " time" magazine 's michael weisskopf has uncovered some stunning details about the lives of these two . he joins us now from washington . thanks for taking the time to join us . michael , as i read the article, we knew that these were not good guys , putting it mildly, but as you saw and heard the revelations, what were your reactions? they're stomach turning, to put it bluntly.
the extent of the depravity was truly0stunning, you 're right and they took different paths, these two guys . the younger of the two brothers , qusay was a very ic professional killer who pulled the trigger with political aim in mind. we have eyewitnesses to his orders of execution of hundreds of people in 1991 during the shiite muslim uprising. his brother , uday , was very highly personal, arbitrary, spontaneous in his attacks, extended to young girls , to friends , to employees . it was just extraordinary.
with uday , i mean, the stories, you open the article, what you cowrote this article the sum of two evils, the reign of terror with saddam 's sons abducting a 14-year- old , raping her , crashing wedding parties to rape the brides . was that about as bad as it got with these guys ? i guess it can't get much worse.
i thought that the depth may be how he treated his friends , % and there are a couple of stories we heard about how he forced friends to drink large quantities of grain alcohol until they vomited. also one friend he was afraid was going to leave the country and spill the beans on him . he had him arrested by his fedayeen saddam . he had him held down, tong pulled out by pliers and sliced off with a scapel.
awful. people still fear them and saddam hussein himself . how did you get people to talk? were they forthcoming or pretty reticent about talking about these guys ?
it was a hard report. it was hard to find people , and then hard to get them to talk. over time, we gained trust. we promised to hold on to people 's anonimity if we could. after a little while, after we primed the pump, the people wanted to
as we told you at the top of this newscast, an oklahoma judge has ruled that terry nichols will indeed stand trial in that state court on 160 counts of first-degree murder. the oklahoma city bombing conspirator is already serving a life term in federal prison . state proceedings could bring the death penalty if nichols is convicted. a trial date was not immediately set by the judge whose decision came as prosecutes were still presenting evidence. a texas woman is in jail this morning accused of killing her two sons and severely beating another the day before mother's day. yesterday a silent dee ana laney waited as the judge read the charges against her . capital murder and aggravated assault. one of the first people to arrive at the crime scene. judge james marin . thanks very much. why were you there so quickly?
i wasn't really there that quickly. i actually responded a few hours after the sheriff 's department did.
well, being the justice of the peace we are the ones that hold the inquest on the death and they were required to call us to the scene.
well, to be honest with you , i saw a pretty gruesome sight and i think it's been talked about quite a bit the last few days and if anybody didn't have to be there to see it, they were lucky not to have to be there.
it was a horrific sight, you don't have to go into details, obviously, we can only imagine how bad it might have been. it probably was, indeed, based on your eyewitness accounts. what happened? they were collecting evidence as you were there, the law enforcement authorities ?
they had been collecting their evidence and, of course, when i got there they showed me the location and, of course, then having to do
how could so many people end up in prison for crimes they didn't commit? the story behind the defendants of tulia , texas , is our "headlines timeline." july 23rd, 1999 -- there was a massive drug bust in a predominately african- american neighborhood in tulia . of the 46 people arrested, 39 are african- american . the case against them was based on the testimony of undercover officer thomas coleman . coleman claimed he bought drugs from the defendants , but offered little or no supporting evidence. after the first of several trials ended with convictions and harsh sentences, most of the other defendants pleaded guilty to avoid hard time. march 17, 2003 -- with coleman 's credibility under serious attack, new hearings for the tulia defendants get under way. the hearings are stopped when the judge , defense attorneys and prosecutors agree that coleman lied under oath and is a racist . coleman denies doing anything wrong. it took a special act of the texas legislature to clear the way for monday's release. but these men and the others caught up in the tulia tragedy are still convicted criminals . now it's up to the appeals court and the board of pardon and paroles to officially clear their names.
Slobodan Milosevic 's wife will go on trial next week on charges of mismanaging state property during the former president 's rule, a court said Thursday.
Mirjana Markovic , the power behind the scenes during Milosevic 's 13-year reign, is accused of illegally providing their grandson 's nanny with a state -owned luxury apartment in Belgrade in 2000.
The Belgrade district court said that Markovic will be tried along with 10 other Milosevic -era officials who face similar charges of ``inappropriate use of state property'' that carry a sentence of up to five years in jail .
Milosevic and his wife wielded enormous power in Yugoslavia for more than a decade before he was swept out of power after a popular revolt in October 2000. The post- Milosevic government later extradited him to the U.N . war crimes tribunal in The Hague , the Netherlands .
Since then, many of Milosevic 's political and business allies as well as his two children have been accused of crimes.
Markovic , the leader of the neo-communist Yugoslav Left party , lost her parliamentary immunity from prosecution after she failed to become a deputy in the parliament of Serbia and Montenegro , the country that last month succeeded Yugoslavia .
Here's my second morning NPR post in a row ... Mickey Kaus in Slate was listening: Here's how NPR 's All Things Considered covered President Bush 's proposed cuts in Community Development Block Grants --by lobbing softballs to a CDBG supporter ! No opposing view. ... This is not just liberal, but dumb liberal-- NPR could easily have found a Democrat , maybe even an old Democrat , who believed CDBGs are an ineffective antipoverty program. (Basically they are slush funds for local politicians , who too often sluice the federal money to their developer friends to build ugly downtown hotels .) It's my sense that in Virginia , the CDBG program is used extensively in rural areas and, on the whole, has done some good. Maybe someone knows of CDBG funds used in Virginia as Mickey describes. I hope not, but, if so, it looks like there won't be as much of that in the future.
Apparently Yuganskneftegaz , which was sold to an independent buyer who turned out to be an apparatus of the state (yes, the same state that 1) forced Yukos to do the auction, and 2) ran the auction, not that 3) this is suspicious or anything), and which was then being bought with foreign assistance, is not being bought with foreign assistance. As of this morning, at least. Anyway, it looks like they 're denying Chinese involvement to avoid a lawsuit , which is funny -- you 'd think they might know someone in the Russian judiciary who could help them out.
an airport in key west , florida , today became the setting of what appeared to be a desperate attempt to enter the u.s . by a cuban national . the man was arrested there after authorities say he hijacked a cuban plane using what was reported to be grenades , ordering the pilots to fly to florida . the hijacker got off the plane wearing a jacket that said, america across the back. and a small child clinging to his leg.
British bank Barclays to buy Spanish rival Zaragozano
British bank Barclays announced on Thursday it had agreed to buy Spanish rival Banco Zaragozano for 1.14 billion euros (1.29 billion dollars) in cash.
"The combination of the banking operations of Barclays Spain and Zaragozano will bring together two complementary businesses , creating a nationwide distribution platform, trebling the existing Barclays branch network and trebling its existing customer base ," Barclays said in a statement.
"The acquisition of Banco Zaragozano builds on our existing business creating the sixth largest private sector banking group in Spain " by assets, added Jacobo Gonzalez-Robatto , chief executive of Barclays Spain .
"It provides a platform for us to intensify and strengthen our competitive position in the Spanish banking market, to the advantage of our customers , employees and shareholders ."
The members of the board of Zaragozano have voted in favour of the transaction and have committed to sell their shares to Barclays .
Shareholders , including board members , owning 54 percent of the ordinary share capital of Zaragozano have given irrevocable commitments to accept the offer.
The takeover, which is subject to approval by 75.01 percent of Zaragozano shareholders , is expected to be completed in July.
From the St. Pete Times : Some Florida legislators want to give people the right to shoot an attacker in a public place .
A House committee voted Wednesday to allow people to shoot to kill in self-defense if they are attacked "in any other place where he or she has a right to be." Sponsored by Rep . Dennis Baxley , an Ocala Republican , the bill (HB 249) passed 13-0.
State law defines deadly force as that which is likely to cause "death or great bodily harm," such as firing a gun at a person or a vehicle .
Florida courts consider deadly force a last resort and have held that a person being attacked has the "duty to use every reasonable means to avoid the danger, including retreat, prior to using deadly force."
But this legislation says a person who is under attack in a public place "has no duty to retreat."
"Law-abiding people should not be told that if they are attacked, they should turn around and run," NRA lobbyist Marion Hammer told lawmakers . "This bill gives back rights that have been eroded and taken away by a judicial system that at times appears to give preferential treatment to criminals ."
Baxley held up a stack of more than 800 e-mails from Floridians who he said have written him to support the bill. He said 62 House members , a majority , have endorsed his bill, and supporters include Attorney General Charlie Crist and groups representing Florida sheriffs , police chiefs and police officers .
Rep . Jeff Kottkamp , R - Cape Coral , said the bill reminded him of a sign he saw on a constituent 's house while campaigning door-to-door. Kottkamp said the sign, next to a doorbell, showed a smoking . 44-Magnum handgun and the words: " We don't dial 911." This is great news for Florida gun carriers because now to defend yourself you don't have to first make sure a "duty to retreat" is impossible. Currently, if one 's life is threatened he/she must make sure it is impossible to escape before using deadly force on an attacker .
San Francisco is apparently bored with just being the gay capital of America and is trying to muscle out Washington DC for the prestigious title of murder capital. It's possible, now that San Francisco officials have proposed a law that mimics the infamous DC gun ban. Columnist Michelle Malkin is one of the few columnists/bloggers who has picked up on the story.
As I said in a previous post it's all up to the voters .
martha stewart is one of those stories that is in the news big time again. she resigned as chairman and ceo of martha stewart living, omnimedia , the company that bears her name. after pleading not guilty to a laundry list of charges brought by the justice department and the sec , insider trading, obstruction of justice, conspiracy to hide what they say is an illegal stock sale, we 're talking about 4,000 shares of stock that netted her about $225,000. how does this compare with other corporate scandals? enron 's bankruptcy cost thousands of people their jobs and their life savings and kenny lay and the chairman and president , both of that company remain unindicted. the chief financial officer is the only one there taking the fall. worldcom once employed 80,000 people and went broke on the largest corporate bankruptcy in the united states . bernie evers is living his life and unindicted. the ceo took the fall there . tyco 's ceo and president dennis kozlowski and the last time i looked, he was sailing around martha vinyard on his yacht . at the time, martha stewart was worth in the neighborhood of $1 billion, so you could make the argument she might have been guilty of stupidity. but the question is she being unfairly singled out for prosecution? the e-mail address is am@cnn.com. and i 'm sure we 'll hear from many of you and we will select some of the responses and share them with you a bit later. what makes something worth a billion dollars have to grab the phone after losing two grand with a falling stock price?
it could be arrogance or factors of being a powerful woman and the celebrity
Well, I would, too. On the other hand, the Russian legal system is a bit less, well, legalistic -- they seem much more concerned about the chance that someone will harm the state than about actual matters of right and wrong. So it's pretty significant that Mikhail Khodorkovsky is taking the risk of maintaining his innocence . At this point, he has essentially no chance of recovering anything, unless Russia sees a change in political control and the US applies some pressure.
Seven-eleven a.m. Eastern, 4:11 p.m. in Iraq . At its daily briefing, U.S . Central Command says Operation Iraqi Freedom is far from finished in Baghdad , even though U.S . forces are inside the Iraqi capital . Eight-fifteen a.m. Iraq 's information minister reads a message he says is from Saddam Hussein urging Iraqis to step up attacks against coalition forces . Eight-thirty-six a.m. Walter Rodgers reports according to Army sources , Iraqi officials are fleeing Baghdad in droves, using civilian convoys top avoid being targeted by coalition air strikes. Eight-forty-three a.m. CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr reports coalition troops entering Baghdad were met with fierce fighting, and there were casualties on both sides . Nine-oh-six a.m. CNN 's Martin Savidge , embedded with the 1st Battalion , 7th Marines , reports the unit has reached the extreme southeast suburbs of Baghdad , adding to forces the U.S . says now encircle the city . Twelve-thirteen p.m. At the Pentagon , Barbara Starr reports officials say today begins a new strategy in the skies over Baghdad . The coalition air force will begin providing urban combat air support over the city . Now the operating plan includes both ground and air missions. Twelve-twenty-one p.m. CNN 's Wolf Blitzer reports according to an eyewitness , a bomb has hit central Baghdad only a few hundred meters from the Palestine Hotel . The Palestine Hotel is where much of the international press corps is based.
Barry Diller resigns as CEO of Vivendi Universal Entertainment ATTENTION - ADDS details, background ///
Media tycoon Barry Diller on Wednesday quit as chief of Vivendi Universal Entertainment , the entertainment unit of French giant Vivendi Universal whose future appears up for grabs.
In a statement, Diller -- who took on the "provisional" role at the top of Vivendi 's US entertainment operations in December -- said his USA Interactive group will nonetheless remain a shareholder of Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
" My executive role was never intended to be permanent," said Diller . "Now that Vivendi Universal has begun a formal process in reviewing options for its entertainment assets, it is appropriate to step aside from any direct management responsibility."
As part of the 11-billion-dollar sale of USA Interactive 's film and television operations to the French media company in December 2001, USA Interactive received 2.5 billion dollars in preferred shares in Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
Diller , 60, personally received a 1.5 percent stake in the business and had been touted as a likely candidate to run Vivendi Universal 's entertainment unit in the United States if the troubled French media giant were broken up.
In Paris , the French media group said parent company chairman Jean-Rene Fourtou will replace Diller as chairman and chief executive of US unit .
Vivendi , in a statement, said that Diller had, "in full agreement with Vivendi Universal ," announced that he was "ending his temporary assignment as CEO of Vivendi Universal Entertainment ."
Vivendi Universal , the world 's second-largest media group after AOL Time Warner of the United States , has been digging out from under a mountain of debt since the removal of expansionist boss Jean-Marie Messier last July, largely through asset sales.
Vivendi Universal earlier this month posted a record net loss of 23.3 billion euros (25.6 billion dollars) for 2002.
Faced with debt of 35 billion euros (37 billion dollars) in June last year -- including 19 billion from the media and telecoms division alone -- the sprawling conglomerate has set a target of reducing its debt by 16 billion euros by end-2004.
Speculation has been rife that troubled Vivendi has been weighing a spinoff or sale of its US film, television and theme park operations as part of its restructuring.
Press speculation had already suggested that Vivendi might decide to keep its Universal Music division , while either divesting or inviting third parties to take a minority stake in the remaining Entertainment assets.
Earlier this month, sources told Agence France Presse financial news unit AFX that Viacom is studying a bid for Vivendi 's US entertainment assets placing it as a serious rival squarely in the running against oil billionaire Marvin Davis who has bid 20 billion dollars for the operations .
While other media companies like Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , Liberty Media Corp , News Corp and General Electric Co 's NBC have been mentioned as potential bidders for the Vivendi operations , Viacom is one of the few media companies with a balance sheet healthy enough to mount a bid.
Emboldened by U.N. report, Iraq calls for end to sanctions
Emboldened by the latest weapons inspectors ' report, Iraq on Saturday called on the United Nations to remove crippling sanctions and to ban weapons of mass destruction in the entire Middle East  _  and eventually in the United States .
Iraq resumed destroying banned Al Samoud 2 missiles under U.N . supervision Saturday after taking a day off, crushing six more in a process that chief inspector Hans Blix called a ``substantial measure of disarmament.''
In the past week, Iraq has destroyed 40 of its 100 Al Samoud 2 missiles , prohibited by the United Nations because some tests indicated they could fly farther than 150 kilometers (93 miles). It also has been destroying equipment used to make them .
Reports to the Security Council on Friday by Blix and chief nuclear inspector Mohammed ElBaradei praised Iraq 's recent compliance. But inspectors also questioned Iraq 's motivation, as it began to give the inspectors what they wanted only when the threat of war became immediate.
U.S . President George W. Bush said the reports indicated that only a war will make Iraq disarm.
``Unfortunately, it is clear that Saddam Hussein is still violating the demands of the United Nations by refusing to disarm,'' he told Americans in a radio address Saturday.
Iraq , however, took the report as an endorsement of its work and argued not only that war plans should be canceled, but that sanctions imposed on it by the Security Council for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait should be removed.
`` We demand that the Security Council and the world decide on ... the lifting of sanctions on Iraq in a comprehensive and complete way,'' said a spokesman for a meeting Saturday of Saddam and top-level officials , quoted by official Iraqi news media .
The unidentified spokesman claimed the weapons inspectors had verified Iraq has rid itself of weapons of mass destruction  _ something the inspectors said would take months to do  _  and appealed for a ban on such weapons to be extended beyond Iraq : to Israel , and eventually to the United States .
The spokesman , reporting on the meeting, said Iraq called on the Security Council ``to rid the Middle East of weapons of mass destruction since Iraq has become free of them .''
``At the front of those that must be rid of these weapons is the Zionist entity ,'' he said in a reference to Israel , adding that the order should ``move on after this region to America .''
The newspaper Babil , a popular daily owned by Saddam 's son Odai , also said Saturday that the reports of Blix and ElBaradei were enough to suspend the sanctions, which are to be removed when the United Nations verifies that Iraq has no weapons of mass destruction or the means to make them .
In a front-page editorial, Babil said the reports should push Security Council members ``to think seriously about issuing a resolution lifting the sanctions imposed on Iraq , since it was proven that we don't possess weapons of mass destruction.''
Saddam has long claimed Iraq destroyed all its weapons of mass destruction. The United States and Britain claim he 's lying, and have assembled a quarter-million troops around Iraq for a possible invasion.
Despite Iraq 's demands of the Security Council , diplomats were working hard on very different proposals: a U.S .-led plan for disarmament or war by March 17, and a rival French plan for an emergency summit of Security Council members to come up with a compromise.
Bush and top advisers planned to lobby allies by telephone through the weekend and up until next week's planned vote on the ultimatum. French President Jacques Chirac talked to heads of state in an effort to drum up support for his plan, his office said.
Inspectors ' spokesman Hiro Ueki said Iraqi workers crushed six Al Samoud 2 missiles Saturday at the al-Taji military complex north of Baghdad , under the supervision of weapons inspectors . Three of the missiles had warheads and three didn't, apparently because they hadn't been deployed.
Inspectors also supervised the destruction of tools and ``special equipment used to produce the Al Samoud 2 engine'' at the Al Samoud factory , he said, and another group of inspectors verified the emptying of Al Samoud 2 warheads at the Qa Qa complex just south of Baghdad .
Odai al-Taie , a senior Information Ministry official , said the workers crushing the missiles took Friday off because they had worked on Tuesday, the Muslim new year. Ueki described Friday as a ``planning day'' for teams working on missile destruction.
Ueki said an Iraqi chemical scientist granted an interview to weapons inspectors , bringing to eight the number of scientists who have given interviews since Feb. 28, when Iraq began urging them to talk. Since the same date, four scientists have refused.
Interviews with nuclear scientists have been conducted more frequently because the nuclear inspectors don't mind the scientists tape recording the interviews, a sticking point for the chemical and biological teams .
Inspectors also returned to a former helicopter airfield where Iraq buried bombs it says were armed with biological weapons in 1991. Ueki said inspectors there took samples from the remainders of stainless steel containers Iraq says it used to transport biological agents.
The Senate Courts Committee this afternoon killed Delegate Dick Black 's bill that would have required adoption authorities to ascertain whether prospective adoptive adults had ever engaged in homosexual behavior. There was no vote. The bill died for lack of a motion. Or lack of emotion. Or lack of interest. Or of boredom. There just seemed to be very little support for this....zzzzzz.
NBC-12 in Richmond reported it went down on an unrecorded voice vote ... I suppose that's not materially different from your report, but Black wanted a recorded vote and didn't get it.
It's not a profile in courage to avoid a recorded vote.
Certainly not - but I think it trumps giving Black satisfaction of being able to slap the "anti- family !" on tolerant legislators .
What's important to realize is that Black 's " scientists " were given no credence whatsoever. They lacked credibilty. The failure of this bill was a small glimmer of hope in what has been a dismal season.
U.S. paratroopers parachute into northern Iraq, secure airfield, link up with Kurdish militia
Kurdish militiamen and U.S . special operations troops linked up with more than 1,000 U.S . Army paratroopers Thursday to secure the area around a strategic air strip , as the first large coalition ground force in northern Iraq began opening another front against Saddam Hussein 's regime .
The Army 's 173rd Airborne Brigade , including elite Army Rangers , jumped out of low-flying C-17 transport planes under cover of darkness Wednesday and secured a snow-dusted airfield , which will be used to bring in supplies and support personnel .
The airdrop  _	one of the biggest paratroop drops in decades  _ was a dramatic entry for ground troops into a region where only small groups of U.S . special forces have been operating. Coalition airstrikes have been hitting Iraqi military forces and other strategic targets in the north .
``This tightens the noose against Saddam 's forces battling coalition forces to the south ,'' Brig. Gen . James Parker , commander of U.S . forces in the north . ``And it may also serve as a warning to Turkish forces .''
Giving cover for the deployment, U.S . warplanes struck Iraqi ground troops and bunkers in northern Iraq . Three waves of combat planes from the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt hit ``ground troops , command and control bunkers , artillery positions and ... a surface to air missile battery ,'' said Lt . John Oliveira , the ship 's public affair officer .
Around dawn Thursday, strikes resumed, with a massive explosion just outside the Kurdish zone close to the village of Kalak . Warplanes pounded forward Iraqi positions in the hills overlooking Chamchamal , 35 kilometers (22 miles) east of the key oil city of Kirkuk .
Later Thursday, Kurdish troops in Chamchamal advanced their positions between government -controlled and rebel -controlled areas , taking over a Iraqi check point on their front with no fighting at this point, witnesses said.
Early Thursday, Kurdish fighters closed off a highway and roads near the airstrip where troops were said to be arriving, outside the town of Bashur , about 30 miles (50 kilometers) northeast of the Kurd -controlled city of Irbil and 30 miles (50 kilometers) south of the Turkish border .
From the highway , dusted from a recent snow, a flashing light from the airstrip 's control tower was visible in the distance, and three helicopters could be seen landing, flying with nearly all their lights extinguished.
Future airlifts into the area will include supplies and support personnel for the 173rd 's fighters , defense officials said. The airfield 's 6,700-foot (2,042-meter) runway is long enough to land C-17s and other U.S . military cargo planes .
Lt. Col . Thomas Collins , a spokesman for the U.S . Army 's Southern European Task Force , refused to say whether the paratroopers deployed directly from Italy into Iraq or had taken a different route.
The matter immediately sparked controversy in Italy , where there is a strong anti-war movement. The country 's parliament voted this month to allow U.S .-led coalition forces to use Italian air space and military bases 	_  but not for directs attacks on Iraq .
Pentagon officials have said for weeks they would have U.S . forces in northern Iraq to open another front against Saddam 's forces . The vast majority of the coalition ground troops in Iraq are moving toward Baghdad from the south after entering from Kuwait .
Pentagon officials had hoped to have the Army 's 4th Infantry Division invade Iraq from the north, but Turkey balked at allowing up to 62,000 U.S . troops on its soil to prepare for that option. The use of the 173rd shows the military has shifted to a smaller, lighter force .
Military officials say they would have liked to have secured key oil fields around the northern cities of Mosul and Kirkuk  _  and perhaps the cities themselves  _  by now.
Though no hostilities were expected during the deployment, the 173rd decided to parachute in rather then ferry troops in by plane so that a significant combat force could mass almost immediately to protect itself , officers said, according to a U.S . reporter traveling with the 173rd .
`` Kirkuk is key. The Iraqi 's want it , the Kurds want it , the Turks want it and various other ethnic groups also want it ,'' Maj . Mike Hastings said. ``What this drop means is that we can secure it until we are relieved by other forces .''
Besides Mosul and Kirkuk , another key target in northern Iraq is Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown and the tribal center for most of his inner circle . Most of the Adnan Division of the Republican Guard relocated from the Mosul area to the Tikrit area shortly before the war began.
Another key mission for the 173rd could be to keep order in northern Iraq , which is controlled by two semi-autonomous Kurdish factions but also includes several splinter groups and a base for the al-Qaida -linked Ansar al-Islam .
Turkey has said it may send more troops into northern Iraq to prevent refugees from moving north, while U.S . officials have said they advised Turkey against sending large additional forces into northern Iraq .
seven minutes before the top of the hour. at the beginning we told but this incredible story about the rescue of three fishermen in the waters off the coast of vancouver , stuck in the waters , gail force winds, small boat , they were rescued by a cruise ship that happened to be in the neighborhood . those three men didn't realize how lucky they were until they were plucked out of the water. we have with us captain kent ringboard , on board the royal caribbean " radiance of the seas ." i understand you were on board when this rescue happened. were you in charge?
tell us about what happened here. what was it you were looking at when you looked out over the waters ?
well, it was quite windy, gusty winds up to 40, 50 miles an hour. and it came from southeast. and we got the alarm this distress situation just before 5:00 in the morning. and we were on relatively slow speed for the time being, but we of course, speeded up to the position, which was given, and we -- after an hour, we spotted the fishing boat in the waters .
these men were in some water that was quite frigid. if they stayed out there for long they could have suffered severe tragedy, perhaps. i want to ask you , have you ever done anything like this? have you ever seen anything like this done?
no, i have never seen this type of operation where you have a fishing vessel disappear, more or less. and that the survivors , they had to go into the water, pick them up from the water.
was there any point at which you didn't think you would be able to pull it off?
was there any point at which you thought you wouldn't be able to pull it off?
no, absolutely not. we -- we were 100% sure we could make it, absolutely. because we came very close to the vessel . we had our rescue boat out soon. so i felt confident about it. i saw the fishermen also had the surviving suits on. so that gave me more time to help.
that was a good thing for them . what about your crew that was actually involved in the rescue here? are they trained for this sort of thing?
yes, they are very much well-trained. we train for this type of operation at least every 14 days.
i 'm hopeful those three fishermen bought you a glass of wine once you got them on board.
these incredible pictures. i 'm not sure if you have been able to see some of these pictures playing on the television sets around the world but we look at these pictures and think there's no way a cruise ship , as big as it is, will be able to maneuver into position in these kinds of heavy seas to save three corks out there on the water. amazing.
it was interesting. but we had a good maneuvering capability on
welcome to the second hour. good morning to you . a new al qaeda videotape, no doubt chilling to the families of the victims . two of the four pilots who took control of the planes on 9/11 attended a wedding party in hamburg , germany , four years ago 1999 this is. another one of the pilots , mohammed atta , also believed to be present at this meeting. throughout the morning, we 're looking at a remarkable tape right now. what 's believed to be the terror cell responsible for 9/11. many members on that tape working together through a cell in germany known as the hamburg cell seen in the same room at the same time.
While it was entertaining, that's not why I 'm posting about it. I don't normally post about pro football, but what I saw deserved a ranting or two, and I suspect it's going to get many more in the days and weeks to come.
With 4:41 left in the fourth quarter and the Packers down by 11, Favre hit Robert Ferguson with a 31 yard strike near the left hash marks. Coming from the other direction, Jacksonville DB Donovin Darius unloaded chin high on Ferguson with a vicious clothesline. Remarkably, Ferguson held on to the ball, despite being disjoined from his helmet on the hit. After many minutes lying motionless on the field , Ferguson was finally removed via stretcher, giving a thumbs up to the crowd on the way out.
The Packers went on to lose the game, but that's not the story here.
This was not one of the staged stiff-armed clotheslines you see in professional wrestling broadcasts. This was a vicious, arm cocked and swinging clothesline that literally could have torn Ferguson 's head off of his body.
The play was immediately flagged, and moments later it was announced that Darius had been ejected, much to the crowd 's delight.
One sidenote here is that, despite their rabid fandom and the situation, not one thing was thrown at the offending player as he left the field . It would have been easy to bathe him in beer or snowballs or batteries as he left, but the Packer fans are classier than that. To a person , they acted with class, using their voices and not projectiles to express their displeasure.
This was the most vicious and blatantly dirty play I have seen in the NFL since Jim McMahon was body slammed to the ground in the mid 80's about five seconds after he had released a pass. And Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio and Darius had the nerve to vociferously argue with officials about Darius ' ejection from the game.
I don't care what anyone says about " you can't judge intent." Darius ' intent was to dismember, injure or even kill Ferguson . The more I saw the replay, the sicker it made me feel.
The league must take action, and it must be swift and sure. I 'm talking about a four game suspension that included the playoffs if necessary.
In this day and age of bigger, stronger and faster players , injuries are going to happen accidentally all of the time. There is simply no room for the kind of play that resulted in Ferguson 's injury. Paul Tagliabue must give word to all of his employees that actions like this will not be tolerated.
Maybe that will tell the Jaguars , Darius and players like him that this kind of head-hunting will not be tolerated in the NFL .
If not, I fully expect the Packers and many other teams to handle this matter "on the field " with Darius being the target of similar attacks by tight ends and offensive lineman .
a week after these pictures surfaced, and after saying he 'd fight for his job, larry eustachy resigned as basketball coach at iowa state . the damage to his credibility was too much after eustachy admitted he partied with students at rival schools , and that he 's an alcoholic . he seeped a $960,000 buyout from the university .
reporter: with the success of a new television show and last year's oz-fest tour ready to kick off, things were looking great for ozzy osbourne . he was sober. he was rich and surrounded by a family who loved him but once again, ozzy 's high would hit a low. that july, sharon osbourne , ozzy 's long time manager , wife and best friend , announced to the world that she 'd been diagnosed with colon cancer.
every fiber of ozzy was shaken. he had to be sedated for a while.
reporter: sharon would have to undergo rounds of chemotherapy all summer. ozzy took time off from oz-fest to tend to his wife . ever the rock, sharon faced cancer head on.
when you go in there and people so much worse than me , and it's like, how lucky am i have a great support system.
reporter: even with sharon trying to make things as easy as possible on her husband , he was still a mess. his struggle with sobriety would be tested again.
drinking and he 's very delicate. he 's, like, dealing with it the best he can.
reporter: despite sharon 's illness, it's business as usual for the family , though pushed back, filming commenced last fall on a second season of "the osbournes."
some days when i 'm feeling bad, i say i can't do this anymore, and then you wake up and see the crew , and then, you know, you snap out of it.
reporter: the larger question loomed. how could comedy come out of chemotherapy treatments?
sharon is dealing with the diagnosis and illness but what's interesting is humor is the same.
reporter: and the humor did remain the same. the show came back with a vengeance last fall chronicling ozzy and sharon dealing with cancer and the kids hoping -- coping with new-found celebrity and one of the top rated shows, ratings for the second season slid.
i 'm not banking my whole life on bringing, you know, number one rated show.
reporter: this year, more ups and downs. sharon announced in april that the cancer was in remission. but just weeks after that announcement, son jack entered drug and alcohol rehabilitation in california . his family said that his party life style caught up with him . now, with a third season set to start, will ozzy 's role as a family man change the image in the annuls of heavy metal mad man ?
i think ozzy 's the guy that hit a head of a bat. you know? crazy, drug taking, hard drinking, hard living rock n roller . i think what the show does is also show that you might be those things, but also might be a pretty great dad , too.
i wouldn't be here now if it wasn't for my wife . i always loved my wife but sometimes i don't like her and sometimes she doesn't like me but we love each other . i hate these people that go, we 've been married for 56 years and never had a bad word. they must have been living in a different planet .
reporter: ozzy osbourne 's life filled with incredible highs crashing into devastating lows. a manic life, grounded in family values.
ozzy 's not going to like me saying this, but he 's a very tender, gentle man . this is a guy whose world revolves not so much around music as around his wife .
part of the legacy of ozzy osbourne is a cautionary tale. it's also, you know, tale that includes family love, you know, and a lot of good things.
reporter: it's a tale that continues to unfold. no telling how long the osbourne phenomenon may last but the family 's loyal following will always be screaming for more.
also ahead, the anatomy of a rescue, just a couple of hours ago, rescued p.o.w . jessica lynch arrived at the ramstein air base in germany for medical treatment. a little later we 'll speak with her family and talk a closer look at the daring operation that produced her safe recovery, but first the push into baghdad . coalition field commanders say u.s . troops are now within 15 miles of the iraqi capital . they say their forces today with the iraqi republican guard units as part of a protwo-pronged advance on the city . u.s . troops could be in baghdad southern outskirts by early thursday. however, the pentagon is down playing the idea that an invasion of baghdad is imminent. for the second straight day, iraqi television meanwhile has broadcast a statement from the iraqi president saddam hussein . however, despite the appearance of saddam hussein in and what was said to be new fattage, the statement itself was read by an iraqi news anchor wearing a military uniform. u.s . officials say they aren't sure whether the iraqi president is still alive. regardless, the statement praised iraqis who have fought coalition forces . it was said to be saddam hussein 's response to a letter from his niece .
in the african nation of nigeria , an islamic court delayed the appeal of a woman condemned to death by stoning. the court says it will not hear this case until late august. the 31-year-old mother of three was convicted in march of having sex outside of marriage. three other nigerians also face stoning deaths for the same crime. the prosecution of premarital or extramarital sex is not quite as rare as you might think. our next guest this morning faced 100 lashes for premarital sex in pakistan . she was there as a journalist in the wake of the 9/11 attacks. she has written about her experience in the book "tantrika" traveling the road of divine love. a traveling reporter now on leave and joins us to tell her story. thank you for coming in to share this with us . as i understand it, you say you were facing a sentence of 100 lashes, had not yet been sentenced that?
good evening. coalition forces in baghdad have arrested the palestinian terrorist who led the hijacking of the italian cruise ship the achille lauro in 1985. during that hijacking the terrorists shot and killed a disabled american , leon klinghoffer , as he sat in his wheelchair . they threw his body overboard. national security correspondent david ensor joins us live from washington . david ?
Many of the good- governiks who write for Bacon's Rebellion have pointed out the deleterious effects of gerrymandering on Virginia . Some would say the problems are on display in Capitol Square right now.
There's an anti-gerrymandering movement gaining a small head of steam in California . The Golden State often leads the way for the nation on "reform," for good or ill. Mickey Kaus of Slate reminds us that the California initiative bears watching and we should follow the motives of those who support or oppose the current redistricting process.
Mickey cites two Stuart Taylor articles on the subject that should be required reading for any who would debate the issue, here and here .
Hand in hand with any consideration of the redistricting process, we shoul give some thought to the structural relationship between the state House and Senate . Currently, each House member represents approximately 75,000 Virginians , while each Senator represents appoximately 187,500 . Often as not, there is no rational commonality between the two . Some senators represent people pools that are in turn fractured into five or six House districts . I believe this accounts, in large part, for the dysfunction that characterizes our state government now. Former Governor Gerald Baliles , in this same vein, has advocated a realignment of the two houses in a way that serves commonalities. He has suggested that we either increase membership in the Senate to 50 , or decrease House membership to 80 , producing a scenario wherein 1 Senator would represent a block of people who are represented by exactly 2 Delegates . He thinks--and I think he is right--that this arrangement would foster a closer working relationship between the Senate and the House . You certainly wouldn't have these dysfunctional groupings we now have, where 1 Senator often represents a population divided among half a dozen Delegates of two parties -- three , if you count independents .
how about the former mayor ? he got married. what else has rudy giuliani be up to? he spoke with paul paula zahn . it was her first night back. here's a bit of what she had to say. he had to say to her .
my focus is on re-electing president bush and dick cheney next year, the convention is going to be here in the city of new york .
what i 'm going to do? that's so far in the future.
sure, i would consider running for public office again in a couple of years because, first of all, i enjoy public service and i enjoy campaigning. i was in 30 states i think last year. on behal of republican candidates and i tend to do a lot of campaigning in the next year for the president . at some point, i 'm going to want to do it myself .
speaking of the presidency, you said it would be arrogant to talk about that office when it's not under serious consideration. is that something that you 've ever given a glancing thought to?
i don't think you do unless it's realistic. at this point, my candidate
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University ( PolyU ) presented its "Outstanding Alumni Award" to five alumni here Thursday to pay tribute to their remarkable professional achievements and significant contributions to their alma mater and the community.
Professor John Lee Hak-shan at the Department of Mechanical Engineering of McGill University of Canada , Rebecca Lee Lok-sze , Founder and Director of China Polar Museum Foundation , Humphrey Leung Kwong-wai , President &amp; Managing Director of Solomon Systech Limited , Liu Sing-cheong , Founder and Managing Director of Pearl River Hang Cheong Real Estate Consultants Ltd , and Samuel Wong King-on , International Deputy President of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants .
Renowned as the world 's first woman explorer who has reached the Arctic , the Antarctica and Mount Everest , Lee has made immense contributions toward polar exploration over the past 20 years.
In 1997, she successfully founded the China Polar Museum Foundation with a view to consolidating scientific research findings about polar exploration from all over the world to advance global environmental protection.
Launched in 1996, the biennial alumni selection is jointly organized by PolyU and the Federation of PolyU Alumni Associations for the fourth time, so as to accord public recognition to outstanding graduates of the university .
let's go live now to the launch of a rocket . atop it a european mars observetory . mars express , it 's called. let' s watch the launch. it's a little before midnight there right now. there it goes. the mars express on it s way on a seven-month journey to the red planet , contains really two spacecraft . an orbit ter called mars express . it will operate orbiting the red planet for a couple of years. it also has a lander known as beagle two , named after charles car win which he sailed to the island and went into its bit of fame. the eagle two will sit on the surface of mars for about six months, if all goes well, it will dig around, probe around, anize rocks and search for signs of water. if you find water, you 're very likely to find signs of life. there you see some an my nation of what will happen about seven months from now as this tiny little lander dropping off the entire says craft is about five feet in any direction. not much bigger than a fairly large shipping crate. now, it will auguster into the surface of the red planet and but those samples into various scientific instruments. that data will be sent back to the european space agency in germany . this is the first european mission to mars . there have been, of course, several american missions, one japanese and one by the zef yot union . and with some very limited success. mars is a tough place to explore. you 'll recall december of 1988 1988 -- 1998, i should say, the mars polar lander had a very unsuccessful conclusion to it s flight to the red planet . which was part of a disaster mars season.
NKorea offers to scrap nuke , missile programs but wants big concessions: US
WASHINGTON , April 28 ( AFP ) - North Korea has offered to scrap its nuclear weapons and missile programs, but only in return for "considerable" diplomatic, political and economic concessions, the United States said Monday.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said the offer was made during three-way talks between US , North Korean and Chinese diplomats last week in Beijing .
At the same meeting Pyongyang confirmed it had nuclear weapons , and threatened to prove it with a "display."
"The North Koreans acknowledged a number of things that they were doing and, in effect, said that these are now up for further discussion," he told reporters at the State Department .
" They did put forward a plan that would ultimately deal with their nuclear capability and their missile activities, but they , of course, expect something considerable in return," Powell said.
" We are studying that plan, we are examining it with our friends and allies ," Powell said, adding that talks were now underway with the South Korean , Japanese , Russian and Australian as well as other governments .
"It was useful to get it all out on the table and see where we go from here," he said, referring to the April 23 to 25 discussions in Beijing .
Powell gave no indication as to whether Washington would accept the offer, and did not address what Pyongyang was demanding in terms of concesssions.
However other US officials said the North Koreans had presented a lengthy list of demands.
The demands include full normalization of ties with the United States , security guarantees and economic assistance that include oil and other energy considerations.
" They had quite a list of things," State Department spokesman Richard Boucher told reporters .
Asked specifically about normalization of relations and economic assistance, Boucher replied: " I don't really quibble with that characterization of the list."
A senior State Department official said later that the list of demands was so extensive that it defied a "concise description."
"It basically listed everything they have ever asked for," the official told reporters on condition of anonymity, identifying oil and energy supplies as demands.
Although the North Korean demands are being looked at, Boucher repeated long-standing US policy that Washington would not be blackmailed or otherwise threatened into buying Pyongyang off.
" We 've made clear we 're not going to pay for elimination of the nuclear weapons programs that never should have begun in the first place," he said.
Powell acknowledged that North Korea had hinted it could prove it possessed nuclear weapons with some sort of display during the Beijing talks, but maintained that the North Koreans had not used the words "test" or "testing."
" They said that it is the kind of capability that one can display in one way or another," he said.
The concessions demanded by Pyongyang were part of a "bold" proposal for addressing the nuclear situation on the Korean peninsula that North Korea presented in Beijing , officials said.
South Korean newspapers reported earlier Monday that the North suggested that Pyongyang and Washington act simultaneously and equally to resolve the six-month-old nuclear crisis.
Boucher ruled out simultaneous steps by both sides , stressing that Washington would not consider such moves until the "verifiable and irreversible termination" of the north 's nuclear programs.
" We (have) made clear that once North Korea did that, we could move on or move back to the comprehensive approach to US - North Korea relations that we had talked about before," he said.
South Korea 's Munhwa Ilbo newspapers and others quoted unnamed South Korean government sources as saying Pyongyang also urged Washington not to hinder its efforts to establish and improve ties with Seoul and Tokyo .
The North 's ruling Workers Party newspaper , Rodong Sinmun , indicated Sunday that North Korea wanted economic and political "rewards" from the United States in return for the elimination of its nuclear program.
Rodong called for a "fair and equal" footing in talks with the United States , blasting Washington for insisting that there would be "no security of the system nor provision of rewards" even if Pyongyang gave up its nuclear program.
It insisted North Korea could do "everything" to defend itself if the United States "legally guarantees no use of arms including nukes ".
Look at Latest Evidence Against Iraq; Any Hope U.N., Old Europe will 
Come Around to Bush Administration's Way of Thinking?
Welcome back to CROSSFIRE. Maybe it's just me , but I think Michael Jackson , he 's kooky, wacky. Time now for "Fireback," where our wacky and kooky fans and friends and critics right in. Don from Denver , Colorado writes, " Paul , you keep referencing Halliburton selling equipment to Iraq " -- which I do. " I recall, as reported in ' The Wall Street Journal ,' that the transactions were legal. Is it possible that the equipment allowed Iraq to produce oil for the Oil for Food program authorized by the U.N .?" They were legal because Mr . Cheney 's company used a loophole. They went through a foreign subsidiary . But they did enrich Saddam Hussein and his evil, ruthless regime , and they were immoral. They were wrong. Dick Cheney should have never profited off of doing business with Saddam Hussein .
I would agree with that. What does that have to do with the war in Iraq ?
It means Cheney is a hypocrite . He 's trying to lead us into a war against one of his valued customers .
You 're attacking the man . That's irrelevant to the argument.
No, no, you 're attacking -- OK great. That's great. But it has nothing to do whether we should go to war with Iraq or not.
Well yesterday he was a valued customer , today he 's an even villain .
Right. So we 're against Dick Cheney , but that doesn't have anything to do with Saddam Hussein . Chad Hensley , from Fairfax , Virginia , writes, " France , Russia and German have all multi-billion dollar oil deals with Saddam in Iraq . I wonder why they protest the war with Iraq . It must be the humanitarian reasons." Well, Chad , that's what liberals assume. That Europe is against the war on humanitarian and moral grounds, but the U.S . is for the war because it wants to profit for the oil companies . It is a weird assumption, don't you think?
I don't believe for a minute that this is a war for oil. I think it's unwise, it's unjust, it's unwarranted, but I don't think it's about oil. Now, the reason that France , Russia and Germany are against war is because they have democracies. The people are against it. It's called democracy. Those leaders are reflecting the views of their people .
a net worth of $300 million. anyone who knows me knows my obsession with tween stars . they 're kids eight to 14, and for millions , their heroes are barely occupy puberty. the reason for my obsession is simple, deep seething jealousy. it isn't enough for these tween stars to be on the tv or movie. they want to own every form of media and want to own it now. unlike the corey feldman of the '80s, today's tweens aren't content with succeeding in just one of medium. mary indicate and ashley olsen started it all. now they have a billion dollar empire built on videos, clothing perfume and more. and then there's the tween hilary duff , fans know her as lizzie mag wire . movies, books, albums. three corporate giants head the way. typical, nickelodeon or disney starts them off. then when they 're ready to breed they go to the wb . why such a focus on these tween stars ? it has little to do with their artistic vision. one star told vanity fair their favorite author is whoever wrote the bible. these kids are at that magical age when new multibillion declare spending power is put in service of intense peer pressure leading to brand loyalties that can last a lifetime. the flip side between stars , though, is once the fans grow up their star power may dim. don't believe in just ask one of the coreys . these tweens are everywhere. they 're right on the cover of vanity fair . tweens are all over it. that's the issue right there. so we have with us vanity fair fashion director elizabeth olsen . i was shocked when i saw them covers the tweens . why are they so important?
they 're important because we report on what's happening. we report on the culture of what's now, what maze money, what the buzz is, what's next.
unlike stars of the past, they really are not content to be singers or dancers , they are like omnimedia, mini martha stewart .
they 're more than that, actually, because they have a television show to back themselves up, then the movie, then the clothing line. they have much more and reach a much broader audience as well.
i saw one interviewed, and they said, yeah, when i left the cosby show at age four, i cut an album at age five. what happened happened to being kids ?
that was the great thing about the photo shoot. thee still young, ambitious, excited, they play dressup and have pillow fights.
i would have i to say you have to talk about hilary duff , and you have to talk about the olsen twins .
they created it, maybe. they more than started it.
but they turned it into an empire , what shirley temple could have done.
had she only known. i think their company is called dual star , like a gross of a billion dollars last year.
they work hard. they 're not just sitting there hiring people to do their business. they do their own business, and they 're well-rounded and polite people .
they 're so nice and cool. how about that? they 're actually very, very cool.
and hilary duff is a star , and i guarantee you , they will grace their own cover.
one can't predict that all have it, but some have it. it depends on who 's managing it, what career choices they make, what their parents help them to do.
it would be interesting to see the audience that sort of adores them now, whether
The blood red nation of China is trying to curb the effects of a devastating 20-year-old policy that outlawed women from having more than one child . As a result, only about 100 girls are born for every 119 boys , because couples traditionally favor males .
Beijing has set a goal of reversing the imbalance by 2010, and to do this they will outlaw the selective abortion of female fetuses to correct an imbalance in the ratio of boys to girls . So now by killing the males they can hopefully narrow the gender gap. What a country !
From Reuters : Sex-selective abortion is already banned but technologies such as ultrasound have made it easier to know a baby 's gender in advance, increasing the chances for aborting girls .
Despite a desire to curb the sex imbalance and a relaxation in recent years that allows rural families to have two children if the first is a girl , China has shown no sign of abandoning the one- child policy and cracks down on those who advocate against it.
One such activist is Mao Hengfeng , who was dismissed in 1988 from her job at a Shanghai soap factory after becoming pregnant a second time.
Last April, the Shanghai public security bureau sentenced her to 18 months in a labor camp for campaigning against the one- child policy. In other news: feminists still believe they 're second-class citizens in the United States .
we try to bring you the work of still photographers who are applying their trade in iraq these days. tonight patrick baas from afp looking at what he 's done this week. it is clear he has two of the things you need to be a photo photojournalist . a great eye and nose for where the news is.
i 'm lebanese born. i grew up in war zones. it's like my life. i was the only one during this conflict who had pictures of republican guards and it's true luck because i was driving northwest of baghdad and i bumped into these guys going around the capital . we recognized them because of their uniform. very close to the u.s . marines uniform. i didn't see fear in their eyes. i didn't feel any i didn't realize what the fire power was. it was an american tank that had techmy call problems. had to stop an attack south of baghdad . they really believed on the tank . i was taking pictures. the reporter was with me . wanted to go in. i said, no. while
now an update on a story that touched all our lives. remember ali abbas who lost both his arms, his home , many of his relatives in a bombing on baghdad ? as you might imagine, his will to live would not -- was not very strong at first. mark webster of itn has an update for us .
reporter : after so much suffering, his gentle smile said it all. two weeks in hospital and ali is recovering fast. happily watching tom and jerry on his mini television, his transformation from the pain-racked boy who left baghdad . with the encouragement of his doctors , we visited him in the intensive care unit. they 're confident he won't be here much longer.
i will say he will come out of the burn unit in three weeks time, but he will be, you know, in kuwait until we find him really constructive plan that takes into consideration all aspects of his needs, psychological, social and future plan.
reporter : since ali is an ardent football fan , we gave him a manchester united shirt specially signed by all the players . pride of face went to his favorite player , david beckham , who surprised everyone with his response.
that her younger sister , mary katherine , was the one who went to her father and said, " dad , i think i know who did this." but it took some four months before they were able to get a picture and identify the picture as this brian david mitchell and then his wife , wanda barzee . the other questions, of course, are why didn't elizabeth smart try to escae? were there opportunities perhaps that she might ab vible to -- able to get away from her abductors ? the police are saying she was abducted by knife point and was an opportunity and may have been some kind of fear factor going on. we are seeing a lot locally here some photographs that are coming out that show the three , that show mitchell , his wife , and who they believe to be elizabeth smart at a party in september. there were times perhaps they were in a park somewhere in salt lake city completely robed in these veiled and robes so you could not see her face. there are a lot of questions coming out about why she could not get away from them , that remains to be answered. the police are going to be holding a press conference later today. we 're hoping to get more details about that.
in northern iraq , u.s . marines and residents exchanged gunfire in the city of mosul today, in the second day of civil disturbances there . a senior kurdish intelligence official says citizens were protesting the american occupation of the city 's main government building . seven iraqis were killed by u.s . marines , who say they were responding to sniper fire. hospital officials say 17 people have been killed and 18 wounded over the past 2 days. central command says troops were involved in a gun battle yesterday.
and now joining us by phone from liverpool with more on the harry potter heist is caroline forham , press officer with the mercy side police . it's come to stealing children s books, is it?
i think these are profitable children s book. so very popular. i think that people think they probably are lucrative for them . as you mentioned, if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market they will be prosecuted.
is that why you think they were stolen, sale before the deadline or after?
i think probably they know they can make more money before the deadline on these books. but i know no reputable book shop will take these stolen goods and sell them. i think we are looking at in market stores and sales over the next coming days. we have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them.
considering how much publicity was circulating about this book, there is injunctions about publishing anything or talking about the plot. what kind of security was there in place for any truck carrying books?
the books were stolen from a warehouse , they have their own security measures. they did have their ccpb operational, we are looking at that to see if
welcome back. 25 minutes after the hour. time for the cafferty file.
good morning. a crazy world we live in. the supreme court of the united states upheld the toughest three strikes law in the country yesterday. that's california 's. they rejected challenges to the law of sentences of 25 years to life without parole for a man convicted of stealing some golf clubs and 50 years for a man who stole some videotapes. the idea is if you have three felony convictions, you 're out of here. the voters overwhelmingly passed the law in 1994 to offset the liberal and lenient judges to let bad people off with nothing more than a slap of the wrist. they appealed to the supreme court on behalf of these two people . currently in california , 7000 people serving 25 to year life sentences under the three strikes law. one- third of them -- not that. 300 of them are in there for things like petty theft. 25 other states that have the three strikes law. and that brings us to the question. it was a close vote. 5-4 in the supreme court . here is the question of the day. you can e-mail us at am@cnn.com. it's designed to counter the kind of thing that i found in the new york newspaper this morning where a brooklyn woman who scalded her 4-year-old to death in a bathtub, walked out of court a free woman yesterday sentenced to five years probation. it took the child three weeks to die in the hot from -- hospital from the injuries it suffered at the hands of its mother and she 's free. five years probation for killing her 4-year-old by scalding it to death in the bathtub. that is the
it'll be a busy weekend for secretary powell on the sidelines of the forum, members of the middle east quartet meeting on sunday. it 's composed of the u.s ., russia , the european union , and the united nations . an u.n . envoy says the group 's first priority is to negotiate a transfer of military power over gaza and bethlehem to the palestinian authority . she la mac vicar has the latest.
reporter : there are some suggestions after the viz it yesterday of colin powell meeting with ariel sharon , palestinian prime minister abbas said more progress may be made on implementation of the u.s. administration 's road map to peace. "the los angeles times " reporting that israeli and palestinian officials may be very close to reaching a deal for security control, not just of a small part of gaza , but returning all of the gaza strip to palestinian control, that's a very significant step, indeed, plus the west bank city of bethlehem . the " l.a. times " reporting that negotiations continuing and will resume tomorrow. senior israeli officials telling cnn that the size of the area to be returned to the gaza strip is not so much the question confirming that, in fact, returning all of the gaza strip to palestinian security control is one of the options the israelis have indeed put on the table, the issue is the palestinian readiness and willingness to be able to implement full security control throughout all of the gaza strip . now, from the israeli perspective, that also means they would expect palestinian authority to fairly quickly begin to disarm and dismantle organizations like hamas in particular. the
Stalemate at the Security Council; Washington warns it may bypass UN = (PICTURES + GRAPHIC) =
Efforts were to continue at the United Nations Friday to find a breakthrough in the diplomatic stalemate on Iraq , with Washington warning it could bypass the Security Council and go to war alone.
With marathon talks at the top world body failing late Thursday to reconcile French and Russian opposition to US - British war plans, the United States upped its military presence, deploying more missile -firing warships to the Red Sea .
Six non-permanent members of the Security Council considered to be in the middle ground between the fiercely pro- and anti-war camps, were working on new proposals to break the deadlock, France 's ambassador to the UN said.
"The six are now working on a paper and we will see the outcome of that consultation, maybe tomorrow (Friday)" Jean-Marc de La Sabliere told reporters .
Iraq was due to present a 30-page report on biological weapons it said it destroyed in 1991, according to diplomatic sources in Baghdad , who said a second batch of documents on anthrax would follow in the next few days.
Amid talk of delaying or even shelving a US - British resolution giving Iraqi President Saddam Hussein until Monday to disarm or face war, oil prices in Asia pulled back, shares rose and the US dollar eased.
British efforts to provide a way out of the diplomatic mire at the United Nations ended without agreement late Thursday, but with London 's ambassador to the UN , Jeremy Greenstock , saying he expected talks to go on into the weekend.
His US counterpart , John Negroponte , said: " I can't say we are much farther along today than we were yesterday," after hours of talks on six British benchmarks to test Iraq 's compliance with council demands.
The tests were designed to sway six uncommitted council members behind a draft resolution which would declare that Iraq has missed its last chance to disarm peacefully unless the council decides otherwise by Monday.
The two allies would not push for a vote Friday on the draft resolution, diplomats at the United Nations said, while US Secretary of State Colin Powell hinted that Washington would consider not even putting the text to a vote.
" We are still talking to the members of the council with respect to coalescing around a position that wouldn't draw a veto, but the options remain: go for a vote and see what members say, or not go for a vote," Powell said.
" We will be examining them today, tomorrow and into the weekend," he said late Thursday.
Diplomatic wrangling has centred around the French and Russian r efusal to put their names to any resolution allowing the United States to unleash its military might against Iraq before weapons inspections have run their course.
France has provoked Washington 's ire in its steadfast insistence that it will veto any resolution paving the way for war, even rejecting the British proposals for concrete tests before Baghdad had done so.
France 's threat to cast its veto was only making war more likely, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
"Unfortunately they appear to have made the decision not to enforce ( UN resolution) 1441," Straw told Britain 's The Guardian newspaper . "That renders it less likely that we get a peaceful outcome."
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Yury Fedotov said the US decision to drop demands for a Security Council vote this week on war with Iraq showed the resolution had not won enough support.
He rejected the British proposals, saying: "The British proposals on Iraq are not constructive and do not resolve the key problem, the prevention of a military scenario involving Baghdad ," the Interfax news agency reported.
He repeated that Moscow would not back a resolution that authorised an attack against Iraq : "It is not necessary now to adopt any new resolution on Iraq , especially resolutions which lead to war."
His comments were echoed by the German ambassador to the UN , Gunter Pleuger , who said: "There is no majority support for the British proposal."
In Germany , Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said that weapons inspectors had to be allowed to continue their work.
"Together with our friends in France , with Russia , China and the majority of the security council we are confident the disarmament of Iraq can be achieved through peaceful means," Schroeder said.
The British - US proposal needs nine votes to pass through the 15- member Security Council -- a feat looking increasingly unlikely with France and Russia vowing to veto the resolution and Syria , China and Germany all opposing.
The United States meanwhile deployed its B-2 stealth bombers to positions closer to Iraq and ordered as many as 15 warships capable of firing Tomahawk cruise missiles to the Red Sea from the Mediterranean , US officials said.
We 're going to go quickly to northern Iraq now where we find CNN correspondent Ben Wedeman . There's been some action in that area . Nick (ph) - I mean - I 'm sorry. Ben , we can make you out just barely but tell us what you 've been seeing.
Yes. Judy , you 're seeing us through the night scope because basically for the last hour we 've been watching as this ridge behind me in Kalak which of course is the front line between Iraq and Kurdish (ph) forces , we 've been watching as planes , planes we can hear but cannot see, have been bombing the ridge line behind us . Five huge explosions within the space of less than an hour as these planes drop these massive bombs on the Iraqi positions behind us . Not just Iraqi positions behind us , in addition to that in the direction of Mosul as well which is a major northern Iraqi city about 28 miles to the west of me . We 've also seen some massive blasts to the south as well so it appears that this bombing in this area continues and we have really seen the most intense bombing of the war in this area in the last 24 hours. Judy ...
Ben , what is your best understanding of what it is on the ground that the coalition forces are going after there?
Well, basically on the ridge itself it is the most forward Iraqi army positions and we 've been watching them very closely for the last month prior to the war to the outbreak of the war and basically these are the positions that control this entire valley . Up there they have heavy machine guns . They have mortars . They have anti-tank guns , hundreds of men along this very long ridge that basically runs from the north to the south. In addition to that, we know that further back behind those lines in the direction of Mosul there is heavy artillery and tanks as well, this according to the people here in this area , the local Kurds who have been going across the lines for many years basically engaged in smuggling. Now precisely what they 're hitting to the south of us is unclear but my understanding is that there are further Iraqi positions in that direction as well. Judy ...
Ben Wedeman describing coalition hits in the area where he is, the town of Kalak in northern Iraq . He just called in and we wanted to get this report to you right away. Ben , very - we thank you very much for that and we 'll be coming back to you as the night - as the night wears on. We 're getting close to the bottom of the hour. We 're going to get some headlines at the hour right now with Heidi Collins .
Sotheby's, Christie's pay 40 million dollars over antitrust suits
The world 's most powerful fine art auction houses , Sotheby's and Christie's , have agreed to pay 40 million dollars to settle an international price-fixing scam, Sotheby's said.
The payment, if approved by the courts , would settle a slew of suits by clients over auctions held between 1993 and 2000 outside the United States , it said in a statement.
"Under the terms of the settlement agreement, Sotheby's and Christie's will each pay 20 million dollars," said Sotheby's , which operates in 34 countries .
The deal required threatened British and Canadian claims against both auction houses to be dropped.
Buyers and sellers also would have to agree not to pursue further cases in foreign courts .
The litigation covers buyers in auctions outside the United States between January 1, 1993 and February 7, 2000, and sellers between September 1, 1995 and February 7, 2000.
Similar claims over US -based auctions were settled in an agreement struck in September 2000 for a total of 512 million dollars.
In December 2001, a Manhattan jury convicted Sotheby's main shareholder and former chairman Alfred Taubman of entering into a price-fixing agreement with Christie's .
Four months later, the billionaire was sentenced to one year in prison and a 7.5-million-dollar fine over the price-fixing, which prosecutors said had cost clients of both firms 400 million dollars.
Christie's was not prosecuted in the United States after its management agreed to testify against Sotheby's and provide documents needed to prove fraudulent intent.
Together, Sotheby's and Christie's control more than 90 percent of the fine art and antiques market.
Sotheby's said it would record the 20-million-dollar settlement as a special charge for 2002. It would be funded in two payments of 10 million dollars each upon preliminary and final court approval.
First relief convoy arrives in Iraq as allies struggle to clear the way
The first sizable relief convoy arrived in Iraq during a sandstorm Wednesday as allied forces struggled to clear the way for more aid shipments, using dolphins to remove mines from waterways and hunting Iraqi fighters around the port of Umm Qasr .
Three days after U.S . President George W. Bush promised ``massive amounts'' of humanitarian aid, seven large, battered tractor- trailers arrived in Umm Qasr carrying food and water donated by Kuwaitis . The convoy was escorted by U.S . soldiers .
`` We planned for 30 trucks but we only got seven loaded because of the severe sandstorm,'' said E.J. Russell of the Humanitarian Operations Center , a joint U.S .- Kuwaiti agency . The storm cut visibility to about 100 yards (91 meters).
Hundreds of cases of water were stacked on three of the trucks . The rest carried boxes of tuna, crackers, sweets and other food.
As the trucks lumbered past blasted buildings on the Iraq - Kuwait border , an Iraqi boy of about 10 pointed to his mouth and shouted ``Eat, eat!''
People lined up along the streets , giving thumbs-up signs to the aid convoy as it rolled by and begging for food and cigarettes.
After days of fierce fighting that shut down the city of Umm Qasr , Iraqi youths cheered and swarmed British troops as they handed out yellow meal packets and bottles of water Wednesday. The troops , already in the city , were not part of the aid convoy .
`` Umm Qasr is now secure  _  as a port and as a town ,'' said Brig . Jim Dutton of the Royal Marines .
The town 's deepwater port , the only one in Iraq , is essential for any relief effort.
Plans to bring supplies to Iraqi civilians had been on hold for days because of fighting across southern Iraq . On Tuesday, U.N . Secretary-General Kofi Annan warned U.S . national security adviser Condoleezza Rice that the United States is legally responsible for providing relief aid.
White House spokesman Ari Fleischer blamed Saddam Hussein 's regime for slowing the flow of US$105 million in U.S . aid by placing mines in the port of Umm Qasr .
U.S . Navy helicopters flew two dolphins  _  Makai and Tacoma  _ into Umm Qasr , where they were to begin ferreting out mines Wednesday.
Royal Marine commandos carried out an overnight sweep around the port , searching for Iraqi holdouts. The British said they had enough control over the area to begin sending in ships .
A British ship , the Sir Galahad , moved into position at the mouth of the Khor Abdallah river Tuesday night with 211 tons of food and 101 tons of bottled water. It was to begin the six-hour journey into Umm Qasr on Wednesday, according to a pool report.
Iraqis have about five weeks of food left, according to estimates by the World Food Program . About 13 million people  _  60 percent of Iraq 's 22 million  _  are completely dependent on food handouts,
The World Food Program , a U.N . agency , said it would make its biggest single request for cash in its history	_  more than US$1 billion to help feed the war-stricken nation for about six months.
``This could well turn into the largest humanitarian operation in history,'' said agency spokesman Trevor Rowe .
Before the war, Iraqis depended on government rations distributed under the U.N .'s oil-for-food program. The 7-year-old program allows Iraq to sell unlimited quantities of oil to buy food, medicine and other humanitarian goods. The proceeds from oil sales are deposited in a U.N .-controlled escrow account.
The war has thrown the future of that program in doubt.
Because the United States and Britain failed to get U.N . backing for the war, Russia , France , Germany and China want to ensure that the immediate humanitarian costs of the war are paid by the United States
Annan wants to revive the U.N . aid program as quickly as possible. A resolution giving him authority to run the program for 45 days is stalled because Russia , Syria and others are insisting the United Nations must not sanction the war or give the United States control over the U.N .-controlled account, which holds billions of dollars.
Iraqi Trade Minister Mohammed Mehdi Saleh accused the United States and Britain of causing the hardships by launching the war and disrupting shipments of supplies under the oil-for-food program.
He claimed, though, that Iraq can fend for itself : `` Iraq does not need any humanitarian assistance. We are a rich country .''
Nicolae Mischie , authoritarian leader of a district organization of the main opposition party , has been jailed.
Romania voted in the last December, ousting the so-called socialist party PSD (Social-Democratic Party ). PSD managed to keep a stronghold in poor rural areas , with the help of people like Mischie . They combined blackmail, using their right of decision regarding the public funds for local leaders opposing PSD , and strong seduction of the uneducated masses , in a marvelous way. E.g., Mischie , who talks like an idiot , got a PhD in history. His paper was on a political personality of the 19th century and Mischie bought the house where his paper's subject lived. Maybe he tried to invest in his paper, maybe he believed sincerely in his admiration for the poor innocent dead guy and his ability of earning PhDs, but using a big car and living in a big house are signs for the masses that the man is an invaluable and irreplaceable leader . Another misleading sign was his position as a University professor - he was teaching mostly at private universities , which are still ways to buy diplomas here in Romania .
Local leaders did their jobs, but national leaders , pressuring TV stations to lie, associating with old communist ex- president Ion Iliescu , failed to win in big cities .
PSD is building a strategy for the 4 years to come and they are going to elect a leader . It is known that communist leaders die in office (as judges of the U.S . Supreme Court ) and Ion Iliescu won't be different. All the leaders that expressed different points of view will be excluded from the party , that's the untold truth that Romanian media seem to hide or not conceive yet.
Mischie was right to criticize the national leaders , because PSD got a good share in the elections in his area . But Mischie was wrong, because he did that while in vacation in Switzerland , where you can't go if you earn 20K $ a year. The new power had nothing to do, but let the policemen do what they should be doing years ago.
Iliescu and Nastase , ex- president and ex-prime minister , are now left only with the leadership of the party and holding this illusory authority. If Mischie wouldn't take his chance on them , he would still be free, with the help of the weak and weakening strings Iliescu might still pull.
earlier we talk about a new book claiming that president john kennedy had an affair with a white house intern early 1960s. a kennedy biographer robert dallek came across the story while doing research. the woman 's name has remain a mystery. the 60-year-old tells the new york daily news and others dpa she is glad to have the weight she 's been carrying for 41 years now off her shoulders. she says she was 19 at the time, working in d.c . at the white house , 1962, 1963, she says today the allegations about her affair are the truth. right now she lives on the upper east side , works at a presbyterian church , has two married daughters and after the news is out, after carrying it for 41 years, she feels better about it. this news breaking just today. robert dallek tried to do the research to track this woman down in the book, it did not happen but now she has indeed come forward.
the associated press is reporting that u.s . troops have launched an attack on saddam international airport . about nine miles from the iraqi capital . pentagon officials briefed reporters who refused to comment about any activity at the airport . officials say they 'll make comments after certain operations are conducted. but not before.
Spurned by U.S. over human rights, Indonesia turns to Russia for arms
The dictator Suharto has fallen, the constitution has changed, the media was unshackled, democratic elections held, and East Timor freed. After Sept. 11, 2001, Indonesia was quick to sign onto U.S . President George W. Bush 's global war on terror.
Yet, Washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world 's most populous Muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change.
Frustrated, Jakarta 's generals are looking elsewhere to replace antiquated arsenals.
Later this month Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri travels to Moscow to seek the Kremlin 's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000- member armed forces .
She is also likely to open the way for Russian companies to vie for lucrative deals in the oil and gas sector , long dominated by American and British resource giants .
Although opposite ends of the Earth , Indonesia and Russia have some basic things in common.
Both are geographically sprawling with massive multiethnic populations . Both are struggling to preserve national unity as they fight separatism and build democracy after the collapse of decades of authoritarian rule.
Both are resource-rich, but face huge economic problems made worse by endemic corruption. And, currently, both have opposed the U.S .- led war on Iraq .
Indonesia 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Marty Natalegawa says Megawati 's meeting with Russian President Putin slated for April 21 will touch on the Iraq crisis.
But other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales.
Analysts worry that Indonesia 's military is now so degraded it can no longer control the borders of the far-flung archipelago , allowing for easy infiltration by extremists .
Last year's Bali bombings, which killed 202 people , illustrated the threat of terrorism in Indonesia . And, broad opposition to the U.S .-led attack on Iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant Islamists .
``Nearly everybody in Indonesia sees this Iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to U.S . policies,'' said Jusuf Wanadi of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Jakarta .
Close ties between Moscow and Jakarta are not unprecedented.
Indonesia relied on Soviet military assistance in the 1950s under Megawati 's father and founding President Sukarno , but these were severed after the anti-communist Gen . Suharto seized power in 1965.
The United States quickly became the Southeast Asian country 's main weapons supplier , and annual arms sales peaked at US $400 million in the 1980s.
In 1991, however, the U.S . Congress banned this after Indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in East Timor .
In 1999, East Timor became free, but only after Indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum.
The shocking level of destruction prompted U.S . lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with Indonesia .
Since then some in the Bush administration  _  particularly Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz , a former ambassador to Jakarta and a prime architect of the Iraq war  _  have pushed for the ban to be repealed.
So far, U.S . lawmakers have reinstated only a limited officer training program. But that's far from enough for Indonesia 's generals .
`` I think the Indonesian military has finally decided that restrictions and conditionalities from Washington are just not worth it,'' said Juwono Sudarsono , a former defense minister . ``So they want to look for alternative sources for planes , helicopters and other hardware.''
Moscow has already had some success in wooing Indonesia as a customer .
Jakarta has recently purchased some Russian weapons , including 10,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles , a squadron of naval Mil-2 helicopters and a dozen BTR-80A amphibious carriers for its marines .
Currently, Indonesia uses short-range Rapier missiles purchased 30 years ago to protect its vital oil and natural gas fields in Sumatra , Borneo and Papua from air attack.
``Replenishing them has been a big problem,'' Sudarsono said.
Air defense commanders want to augment the Rapiers with Russia 's impressive long-range S-300 missiles , or shorter-range systems such as the SA-15 Gauntlet or shoulder-fired Igla .
The Air Force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of Sukhoi Su-27 interceptors , considered the world 's premier dogfighters .
Previously, Indonesian Air Force commanders preferred Western jets that were compatible with the U.S .-made F-16 fighter-bombers already in the Indonesian inventory. But neighboring Malaysia 's success in integrating Russian MiG-29s and American F/A-18 Hornets persuaded them otherwise, Sudarsono said.
If Megawati does stiff-arm the United States on the weapons issue, it is unlikely relations with Washington will be permanently damaged. Whatever happens, Indonesia , a mainly Muslim but politically secular state , is natural ally in the struggle against terrorism and religious militancy.
What could be more worrying for Washington is Russia 's economic ambitions.
Trade between Indonesia and Russia increased by dlrs 36.2 million to dlrs 203.5 million in 2001  _  the last year for which statistics are available. Analysts say this can only grow.
The real concerns, though, are in the petroleum sector .
Megawati and Putin are expected to sign agreements to give Russian companies a toehold in Indonesia 's oil and gas industry , long dominated by American and British giants such as Exxon Mobil and BP .
I really miss the days when a major international oil company could basically buy some tiny, ill-established foreign government to get at it s natural resources. We 've progressed a bit since then: Now, the third world countries all have their own state oil companies , who are picking apart the carcasses of once-private concerns. The Capital Spectator reports on the latest: Not only China , but India 's state oil company has decided to get into the Yukos -dismemberment trade .
One of the rules of thumb that has guided my (limited) business career from the beginning is that China is never as lucrative as it looks. This assumption is based on about 150 years of economic history, including several booms in interest and investment in China . Their biggest problem: There's usually a 200-to-1 ratio of Nearly Starving Peasant Laborers to Absurdly Well-Off Government Employees . And now it's an iffier 100-to-1, since there are also rich private sector employees and the labor force isn't quite so expendable. What they 've been missing for years was the real driver behind any consumer economy: Consumers . Specifically, they didn't have a real middle class . That's changed in the last twenty years, as increasing social mobility and a burst in foreign demand has finally made China a genuine, rather than theoretical, contender . And they 've even supplied proof of their economic viability, announcing that they 've beaten Japan for exports to the US .
If only I 'd figured this out in early 2002, when their stock market was by some stretch of the imagination cheap.
I dunno if you want anything to do with their stock market . For one, its perforance last year was pretty dismal. More importantly, it s a structural nuthouse . Unfortunately, minority shareholder rights are virtually non-existent, and excluding the dodgy financial statements listed on the exchange, lots of times companies are more interested in generating cash from an IPO then actually bothering with shareholder value. This Economist article (not sure if registration is required, sorry)
http://www.economist.com/displaystory.cfm?story_id=1447832
Finally, the Shanghai Composite on July, 1997 was trading at 1189.76. As of January 27, 2005 it's sitting at 1225.89. That's an annualized return of roughly .4%. The 5 year return is even worse (http://finance.yahoo.com/q/bc?s=^SSEC&amp;t=5y). You haven't missed much :)
"Jurassic Park" creator Crichton agrees to pay ex-wife 31 million dollars
Best-selling novelist and "Jurassic Park" creator Michael Crichton has agreed to pay his fourth wife 31 million dollars as part of their divorce settlement, court documents showed Friday.
Crichton , 60, is one of the world 's wealthiest authors , and has had 12 of his novels made into major Hollywood movies.
The writer will retain the rights to his books and films, although he has agreed to split a raft of other possessions with Anne Marie , his wife of 13 years, according to documents filed in Los Angeles Superior Court .
Anne-Marie will get the couple 's 19- room home in New York state , which was on the  market last year for 21.5 million dollars, as well as their fine art collection.
Crichton , a Harvard Medical School graduate , will keep a home in Hawaii and four cars , while the couple , who also each have homes in Los Angeles , will share custody of their 15-year-old daughter , Taylor .
Before the divorce, Crichton 's fortune was estimated at 65 million dollars, built on such hit novels as "The Andromeda Strain," "The Great American Train Robbery" and "Westworld" and his hit television series "ER."
According to one report, he received 3.5 million dollars for the film rights to his latest book, "Prey," and has a 30-million-dollar, two-book deal with publishers Harper Collins .
Anne-Marie sued Crichton for divorce in September after their marriage broke down.
In December, Chinese archaeologists named a new species of dinosaur after the "Jurassic Park" author .
Spanish police intercept 33 exhausted Africans trying to enter Spain
Police intercepted 33 African immigrants who came ashore Thursday in southern Spain aboard an overcrowded boat , including several pregnant women and other travelers suffering from hypothermia, police said.
Spanish media showed dramatic photos of police struggling to carry women on the verge of fainting after they were found wandering through Tarifa , Spain 's windswept southern tip , Civil Guard officials told Spanish news agencies .
Police also arrested two Moroccan men suspected of trafficking in human beings and navigating the Zodiac boat across from Africa , Efe said.
Twenty-six of the would-be immigrants were from sub-Saharan Africa , six of them women , and the other seven were males from North African countries , police said.
Red Cross officials administered first aid on the scene, and the detainees were taken to a processing center for the government to begin expulsion proceedings.
Tens of thousands of destitute Africans try to enter Spain illegally each year by crossing the perilous Strait of Gibraltar to reach the southern mainland or by sailing northwest to the Canary Islands out in the Atlantic .
They seek a better life doing menial jobs in Spain or hope to use the country as a stepping stone to other points in Europe . Most are caught trying to sneak in and some die in the attempt.
a live picture of the president united states landing at an air field in northern ireland . once he gets out of the helicopter he 'll transfer to air force one to come home after a 20-hour visit with the prime minister of great britain . they talked about a lot of things, about what peace in the middle east could look like, what post-war iraq could look like. they talked about problems in northern ireland . we 're going to pause for a second to see if we see the president hopping off this chopper . as you probably know, the prime minister of the great britain has been under great pressure at home and much of europe to support giving the united nations a very strong role in stabilizing iraq . the white house had signaled consistently it wants the united states and great britain to create a lead role. we learned from john king , traveling with the president , that the new iraq run neither by u.s ./ british coalition or united nations , but by the iraqi people . that some of what the prime minister and president shared with reporters at news conference following their meetings. the president went on to say that an interim authority composed of iraq grs inside and outside the country will run iraq until a permanent government can be established. do you want to hang with the shot? okay, we 're going to stay with this shot. we 'll talk more about what the two leaders discussed at the joint news conference following their series of meetings. they really wanted to let folks who had any concerns about what the u.n . involvement might be to not worry. they said there will definitely be some kind of role for the united nations , they think it's very important for the european nations to be on board with the plan, but once again, they very much view the future of iraq as being that in iraqi hands. the president greeting a number of dignitaries as he gets ready here to board air force one on his way home . a little earlier this morning, i spoke with an iraqi dissident who teaches at writes extensively on the middle east . he wrote a book called the republic of fear. the politics of modern iraq . and i asked him about the news that saddam hussein was targeted in yesterday's strike and how iraqis would react if saddam was killed.
some breaking news out of fort worth , texas , tonight. a big shake-up at american airlines . let' s turn to gregg clarkin who is on the ground in texas with the very latest. good evening, gregg , what happened?
reporter: good evening, paula . a management blunder we heard an awful lot about on behalf of donald carty , the ceo of american airlines , parent company amr has cost carty his job. the company announcing that donald carty is out as ceo, he 'll be replaced by gerald aftery . carty , if you recall has been pressuring unions over the last couple of months to accept steep pay cuts, cutting back their vacation time and holiday pay, as well, saying the company needed these concessions at bankruptcy court. no sooner did the unions agree to these don sessions that it became known that carty and had some of his top executives had given a bit of a package of perks. perks that included a trust fund to protect some of the pensions in the event of a bankruptcy as well as retention bonuses. when the unions learned of that they became outraged and said confidence and trust in carty was damaged without repair. carty is out as ceo of amr , the parent of american , the world 's largest airline . one other topic still to be decided, bankruptcy. the company saying if they don't get the flood attendants to concede to a special offer, they will indeed file for bankruptcy. back to you .
thank you very much. the chief executive of the world 's largest airline has resigned, not a com plately unexpected move because several board member his talked about wanting him to leave. we will move on to other material now as we 've been reporting, nobody seems to know for sure if saddam hussein is dead or alive. whatever his fate, he left behind some videos. home videos, in fact. bruce burkhart has taken a look and he says they show a very different side of a former iraqi ruler .
reporter: who was that nice man strolling with his wife ? yes, it 's him . the cruel and ruthless iraqi dictator , saddam hussein . all warm, fuzzy. romanticly strolling with his first wife on a snowy path, trendy leather coat, furry hat. gently kissing her good-bye like a good husband at the now famous saddam hussein international airport . tailored suit, shyly a modest cake for his 50th birthday. happily chatting with peasants behind the wheel of his white mercedes . well, this is not an episode of joe dictator, or an iraqi version of the lifestyles of the rich and famous. these are videotapes from the '80s found in a palace of saddam hussein 's first wife . bizarre imagency almost surreal, but a reminder that even brutal dictators have a private
and the dixie chicks open their u.s . tour tomorrow night in greenville , south carolina . the popular band has been criticized within country music circles for comments by lead singer natalie maines . she said she was embarrassed to be from the same state as president bush . she has since apologized for her remarks.
hmm. those dixie chicks . speaking of chicks -- call it puppy love. call it maternal instinct, but, mostly it's just out of the ordinary.
andrea ash from kezi in portland has this story of chicken that decided to take a new day job.
reporter: people have long struggled with the question, why did the chicken cross the road ? 2 - but all the scott family wants to know is, why did a chicken adopt their ten new puppies?
every time we looked out our window it was like, what is she doing in there? it looks so out of place. it's just funny.
reporter: the puppies were born easter sunday. soon after, one of the families three chickens flew the coop and took up residence in the crate built especially for the puppies.
they goes in there and nuzzles with the puppies, or lays her eggs and sits there with the mother. they're just all happy, a little family in there.
reporter: at first the sight shock the scott family . they tried to shoo the hen away but she kept coming back. even putting up baby gates to try to keep the chicken out. no match for her. she simply flew over. it also got past the puppies' protective father.
reporter: the scotts ran it past their vet and the vet assured the em if a, as long as the hen left her crate to the do business, she was no harm to the pup. the family says the chicken keeps the place clean. so she's free to stay.
a pretty good relationship with that chicken. she doesn't mind them crawling around underneath her.
reporter: when the mom comes in, the puppies know exactly where to go for milk -- sort of pt a little confusion. the pips don't exactly know the difference between fur and feathers yet. after all, they're only a week old. eventually they all find the real mom. no one know what's will happen as the pups grow older and are able to open their eyes. chances are, they'll always have a fondness from one hen.
those puppies are in for a heck of a surprise when they do open their eyes. aren't they?
we 'll try to follow that in our next half hour. we 'll hil you what the ftc is doing to crack down on internekz auction fraud. that and the top stories in just two minutes. i 'm mike galanos .
and i 'm rudi bakhtiar . we leave you with sountds from willie nelson , the country legend is celebrating his 70th birthday. this is cnn "headline news tonight."
New Questions About Attacking Iraq; Is Torturing Terrorists Necessary?
Hi. I 'm Paul Avalar (ph) from Tempe , Arizona . I had a question also about Khalid Shaikh Mohammed . And now how are people going to argue that the U.S . can no longer both fight a war with Iraq and also fight terrorism, specifically al Qaeda ?
That's a great question. It's an unanswerable point. He hasn't been able to answer it. And Tom Andrews (ph) wasn't able to answer it.
Look, we need allies to catch these guys . We got him because the Pakistanis got him . We didn't get him . We go to war in Iraq , 200,000 people start protesting in Pakistan , they put too much pressure on the government . It becomes impossible for those governments to cooperate with us like they 're cooperating now. We go to war in Iraq , it would be the worst thing we can do...
You know the one thing the Democrats can't stand is good news. It is just something you cannot handle.
No. What I can't stand is a president who is going to screw up our war against terrorism when I thought that was his job. From the left, I 'm Paul Begala . Good night for CROSSFIRE.
From the right, I 'm Robert Novak . Join us again next time for another edition of CROSSFIRE.
Merck posted a 21% decline in earnings thanks to the new post-Vioxx announcement. Most of the profit decline was because Vioxx, representing about 11% of sales, now represents a pretty severe legal headache: Not only have they lost the revenue, but they 've taken a $600 million charge as a reserve against future Vioxx losses. If that's an accurate number, investors should cheer up: Merck 's at fifteen times annualized earnings, twelve times forward earnings, and underappreciated by most of Wall Street .
Full Disclosure: I own Merck . I bought the day of the Vioxx announcement. And if I want to stay that contrarian, I 'll have to sell only when I get an inside tip that they 've cured cancer, AIDS, heart disease, and death.
If you read the quarterly more carefully, you 'll notice that the charge is not related to liabilities from Vioxx but merely costs associated with legal defense, i.e., just the cost of paying the lawyers in all of these cases. If thats how much they 're willing to pay for legal defense, imagine how much the actual liabilities are gonna be.
Thanks for your compliments. Usually, I don't read the filings as carefully as I should -- I leave it up to alert readers , I guess. Anyway, I still think the Vioxx risk is overestimated -- if the tobacco industry can sell something with no health benefits for years, get sued, and 1) Keep the product on the shelves, 2) Remain in business, and 3) do 2) to the tune of several billion dollars per year in profits, we Merckers might be safe.
Anyone who has spent any time in NVA over the last 40 years is familiar with the Giant grocery store chain . When the chain passed from its private owners a few years ago, problems began. These problems multiplied when the New England chain Stop n' Shop acquired Giant . Add new competition-- Food Lion , Harris Teeter , and Wegman's --and loyalty to Giant , once an article of faith, is dissipating. It's a cautionary tale for business and for any long-standing organization seeking to change.
Michael Barbaro has an article on Giant 's recent problems in the Washington Post , plus he took questions online today. One interesting note: most of the online negative comments about Giant come from Maryland residents . Most of the new stores competing with Giant are in Virginia .
I 'm new to this area (1 year) so I can't really comment on Giant . Seems like an ok store ... I prefer Harris Teeter .
We Richmonders , we do love our Ukrops ! We 're fiercely loyal.
I worked there as a youngster many years back. Bagged groceries. And I remember one day they had a dozen japanese businessmen touring the place trying to figure out how they did it...
bringing you up to date on a breaking story out of the middle east . in gaza , a pair of israeli gun ship attack, aerial attacks that have threatened to derail the road map to peace, as it is called. in the first attack, a car carrying rantissi , a senior member of the hamas group , a militant organization , was targeted. he survived, with wound, but two people were killed. 27 others were injured in that attack. the second attack occurred after some rocket firings aimed, apparently, toward the israelis , apparently in retaliation. we 're checking our facts on that one. that is just unfolding. the white house saying, and the president directly quoted as saying, he was deeply troubled by that initial attack. still no reaction to the second attack. the details on that still inconclusive. the president , quoted by ari fleischer , his spokesman , is saying he 's concerned the strike will undermine efforts by palestinian authorities to bring an end to terrorist attacks and does not contribute to the security of israel . clearly some frustration with the sharon government in israel in the wake of these attacks in gaza .
The 2005 Business Blogging Awards are now open for voting. This is a great place to find a number of interesting sites. I found a number of blogs that I enjoy among the nominations. I expect I 'll be adding to my blogroll from this list. Little ole Monty's Bluff is in the running for Best New Business Blog . I 'm glad to be in such good company. So take a few seconds, head on over and cast your vote .
* * the " uss abraham lincoln ." it 's a guided missile destroyer . they fired off 50 tomahawk missiles during "operation iraqi freedom." you talk about the capability of this ship . the other mission that it took part in was the operations before t fall of the saddam hussein and his regime . they were out there taking down illegal smugglers and going out and boarding the ships . now, also, this ship played an important part within the war and that's because of the radar system. it could detect objects smaller than a honey bee. what does that mean? it can detect enemy radar or missiles and destroy them instantly. they were a big part in "operation iraqi freedom." you are seeing the pictures, everybody is home . friends and family connecting. haven't seen each other in almost 10 months now. 14 fathers have not seen their babies . they all reunited with their families . we got to meet up with one such family . we 'll show you pictures of the galetta family . katie was born on christmas day, anderson . this is the first time her father got to hold her and look in her eyes since he came back from "operation iraqi freedom." 130 sailors really excited to be home back on land after being at sea for nearly 10 months carrying out "operation iraqi freedom." some remarkable stories. we 're looking at now, a sailor seeing his baby for the first time, just remarkable. kyra phillips , we appreciate you bringing it to us today.
police in pennsylvania a student fatally shot a principal before killing himself this morning. it happened in the cafeteria of red lion area junior high school about 30 miles southeast of harrisburg . it happened at 7:30 this morning. students then were moved across the street to a senior high school .
Thanks to Captain Ed for bringing this up. Apparently James Baker , former Secretary of State and current envoy for the Bush Administration , has asked the Isreali government to release a scumbag terrorist to promote "peace". There is now. . . . in an Israeli prison a man named Marwan Barghouti , who is one of the young guard of Palestinians , and if the Palestinians are going to make this work against the really hard-line elements , the Islamists and some of the people of Hamas , they 're going to have to have a coalition of the young guard and the old guard ." Gotta say that this shocked me , I 've always thought Mr . Baker was a upstanding guy but this is just plain good old fashioned bullcrap.
Here are some of the fine achievements of the terrorist Marwan Barghouti Marwan Barghouti (born June 6, 1958) is a Palestinian leader from the West Bank and a leader of the Fatah movement that forms the backbone of the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ). On June 6, 2004, he was sentenced to five life sentences for five murders of Israeli civilians and 40 years imprisonment for attempted murders in terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians . Barghouti was one of the major leaders of the First Intifada in 1987, leading Palestinians in a mass uprising against Israeli occupation of the West Bank . During the uprising, he was arrested by Israel and deported to Jordan , where he stayed for seven years until he was permitted to return under the terms of the Oslo Accords in 1994. In 1996, he was elected to the Palestinian Legislative Council , in which he advocated peace with Israel , sometimes coming in conflict with Yasser Arafat . The formal position occupied by Barghouti was the General Secretary of Fatah in the West Bank .
By the summer of 2000, Barghouti and Arafat had grown increasingly at odds with each other , with Barghouti accusing Arafat 's administration of corruption and his security services of human rights violations, and Arafat was planning to fire him shortly.
However, as the Second Intifada began, Barghouti became increasingly popular as a leader of the Fatah Tanzim militia . This was perhaps due to the transformation of Tanzim into an organization more resembling militant groups like Hamas and Islamic Jihad , responsible for dozens of civilian deaths in drive-by shootings. Under Barghouti , the Tanzim has also carried out suicide bombings in Israel under the name al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades .
What is he thinking? Release a known terrorist to run the PLO and that will bring about peace, give me a effin break
Sorry I haven't been posting much lately. We have been so damned busy with the holidays (that's what we call December at our house ) that I just haven't had time.
I read a funny joke today and I thought I 'd share it with you . One of my fellow eggers posted it, so Chet , here's your credit:
A traveler was driving through Arkansas when he lost his way and got off the main highway . As he drove by, he saw rows and rows of pigsties and pigpens and pigs running in fields and pigs wallowing in mud. Suddenly, his eye caught something really strange. He did a double take, muttered to himself and then looked a third time. He wondered if he had seen correctly - it looked like a pig with a wooden leg! He found the lane to the farm and drove up into the farmyard , where he was met by the farmer . "Excuse me ," the traveler said. " I was just driving by and looking at all your pigs, and I noticed something that I just had to stop and ask about. Tell me , did I see right? Is there really a pig out there with a wooden leg?" The farmer smiled. "Oh, that would be old Caesar you saw. He's the finest pig a man could ever hope to have - and smart! Well, let me tell you a little about that pig. You see that barge down there on the river ? That's a mining dredge , taking out platinum ore. Old Caesar sniffed out the vein and showed us how to set it up. Now that dredge brings me in about $120,000 every year. "There's another thing, too, a little more personal. One night a couple of years ago I got to drinking and I guess I had more than I should have. I passed out drunk, fell down and knocked over a lamp. That started a fire in the house and old Caesar smelled the smoke. He came in the back door, got the wife and kid out, roused me up and got me out. "There is no question about it - that night old Caesar saved all our lives and you know that is not the sort of thing a man is going to forget too easily." "Why," the traveler said, "this is all amazing! I have never heard of a pig like this before! This is fantastic! But tell me , how did he get that wooden leg? Was he in a wreck or something?" The farmer laughed and said, "Well, naturally, when you have a pig that smart, you don't want to eat him all at one time!"
New Questions About Attacking Iraq; Is Torturing Terrorists Necessary?
Well, we 'll debate that later on in the show. We 'll have a couple of experts come out, so I 'll withhold my comments until then. Even as the secretary of homeland security was putting his people on high alert last month, a 30-foot Cuban patrol boat with four heavily armed men landed on American shores , utterly undetected by the Coast Guard Secretary Ridge now leads. Now, why has our president placed homeland security in the hands of Republican political hacks instead of professionals , by the way? Attorney General John Ashcroft , for example, is a career politician . He lost an election to a dead man . Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge is another career politician who was passed over by Mr . Bush for the vice presidency. And Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Asa Hutchinson is yet another career politician and a graduate of the disgraceful Bob Jones University . Apparently, Mr . Bush only turns to professionals when it's really important, like political consulting.
Paul , as I understand your definition of a political -- of a professional politician based on that is somebody who is elected to public office. Now in your administration , the Clinton administration , there were these members of the cabinet who by your definition were professional politicians -- Lloyd Bentsen , Les Aspin , William S. Cohen , Janet Reno , Bruce Babbitt , Mike Espy , Dan Glickman , Norman Mineta , Henry Cisneros , Federico Pena , Bill Richardson , Richard Riley , 12 of them , not to mention former Democratic National Chairman Ron Brown , and one of the great professional politicians of all time, Bill Daly .
And you know what, they did a hell of a job for our country . And these bozos let four armed Cubans land on our shores when they 're trying to make a high terrorist alert. Our president has put homeland security in the hands of failed Republican hacks . Hire professionals , Mr . President .
So it's OK -- it's OK to have professional politicians at the Justice Department and the Pentagon ...
Just a minute, let me finish my sentence, please. It's OK to put Democratic career politicians at the Pentagon and the Justice Department if they 're Democrats but not if they 're Republicans , is that right?
No, the difference is Janet Reno was a career prosecutor .
John Ashcroft wasn't half the woman that Janet Reno was.
Another potential Democratic presidential candidate pondered whether to run, and he made his announcement, and surprise, surprise, the answer was no. Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut made the announcement today that he would not be the 10th candidate for the nomination. Why not? Surely Chris Dodd is at least more credible than Carol Moseley-Braun or Dennis Kucinich . He explained he could better spend the next two years on homeland security, the economy and judicial nominations. I guess that means harassing Tom Ridge , fighting tax cuts and obstructing President Bush 's plans to reform judiciary. Some two years.
God, I hope so. that's all I can say. I love Senator Dodd . He would have brought a lot to the race. He brings a lot to the Senate and to the debate. And I 'm glad that he 's going to be fighting those fights. Well, the Commerce Department reports today that consumer spending declined in January and that the manufacturing sector slowed in February. In all, two million Americans have lost their jobs under President Bush so far, not to mention three of them being the top three leaders of his economic team . Meanwhile, the deficit now at $300 billion. It could swell to as much as $500 billion if we go to war in Iraq . Mr . Bush apparently is untroubled by this fiscal collapse. One of his aides tells the current issue of " TIME," magazine , quote, "even if it's $500 billion, so what?" Of course, even a $500 billion deficit number doesn't count the $3 trillion Mr . Bush is robbing from the Social Security trust fund. You know, we should have known, every time George W. Bush gets in trouble, he borrows from a trust fund. It's been his whole life, you know.
Let me give you two economic facts of like, which you should know, even if you won't recognize them. Number one, there is absolutely no relationship between the deficit and unemployment. They don't go together. And number two, there is no Social Security fund, Virginia . There just isn't one.
Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri resigns: official statement ATTENTION - ADDS details, background ///
Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri submitted his resignation Tuesday and it was accepted by President Emile Lahoud , who asked him to stay on in a caretaker role, according to an official statement.
Hariri submitted his resignation during a 10-minute meeting with the head of state at the Baabda presidential palace , outside the capital .
The statement did not give any reason for the move, but said Lahoud would begin consultations Wednesday aimed at the formation of a new government .
Hariri has headed the country 's government for nine of the past 11 years, and highly placed governmental sources said he would probably stay on in the job.
The current government was formed in October 2000.
Under the power-sharing arrangement reached following the end of Lebanon 's 15-year civil war in 1990, the prime ministerial post is always held by a Sunni Muslim and the presidency by a Maronite Christian .
Married for the second time, Hariri has five children . A businessman whose fortune is estimate at 10 billion dollars, he has interests in banking, real estate, oil and manufacturing. He also owns a television and a radio station and a newspaper .
it looks like an annual tradition is building. 80,000 people with a shared love of music converge on a tennessee pasture for three days of good vibes and who knows what else. it's called bonnaroo. check it out.
bonnaroo is kind of this going example of what the whole jam band community is turned in.
that's what i really like about the jam community . it's acceptance of improvizational music, dpes pit whatever region or gen re. it's about the freedom of the music and the freedom of expression.
well, we sold all 80,000 tickets through our web site. we sold out in 16 days. i mean, the amazing thing is, we used no traditional advertising.
we put all these bands together. it draws a huge audience . so the record companies and the music business has to take all of these forms of music more seriously. it's like strength in numbers.
i hope this kind of thing can happen in america , instead of it just being these isolated festivals like bonnaroo, it really can happen in 100 cities every summer, like the festivals do in europe .
my only complaint is the overlapping. you know, as a music lover that i am, there's five acts all playing at the same time on five different stages that i want to see.
it really comes from the actual bands and the fact that there's this grassroots following that 's been there, you know, for a long time. primarily started by the grateful dead , at least the future by the grateful dead . we will get0 by we will survive
we 're carrying on a tradition that started a long time. in american music, improvization is what it's always been arped.
it's not just clapping and having a good time. it makes you feel a certain kind of love, and hopefully, that translates in the community . you go out, you hug someone . you do something good. you make a better world. for me , that's music.
Rachel Hunter seeks divorce from pop icon Rod Sewart -- finally
Supermodel Rachel Hunter on Tuesday filed for divorce from her estranged rocker husband Rod Stewart , four years after the couple separated, court papers showed.
Hunter , 34, filed for divorce in Los Angeles Superior Court , citing irreconcilable differences with the 58-year-old rock star to whom she has been married for nearly 13 years.
How the assets of the couple -- they have a daughter , Renee , 11, and a son , Liam , 8 -- will divided has yet to be decided, the documents showed.
The celebrity couple spit up very publicly four years ago and each has since had well-publicized relationships with others .
New Zealand -born Hunter reportedly had a fling with British pop star Robbie Williams , while British star Stewart has been much photographed with his reported girlfriend , blond photographer Penny Lancaster .
Stewart has said that after two failed marriages, he felt it unrealistic to expect couples to commit to each other for life and suggested that the words "til death do us part" should be removed from the wedding ceremony.
Stewart 's 1979 marriage to Alana Hamilton lasted five years and produced two children .
The raspy-voiced singer who once dated Britt Ekland is best known for hit songs including "Maggie May," "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy," "Tonight's the Night" and "Young Turks".
Jim , you 're not the only one mining the data on political contributions. Over at the blog sic semper tyrannis , " Addison " has an interesting post on the top donors to Speaker Howell 's PAC .
Have some fun and check the "Northern Virginia Supporters " on the Baril web site. Just the folks who support his father-in-law on the condition he support their road plans.
Just wanted to add this to the discussion - I recently received this press release from the Werkheiser campaign in NOVA - might this be the ONLY COMPETITIVE RACE THIS YEAR?!??! Pathetic...
WERKHEISER OUT-RAISES OPPONENT AND LEADS CHALLENGERS STATEWIDE
Greg Werkheiser , candidate for the House of Delegates from the 42nd District in southern Fairfax County , has raised significantly more money to date than his incumbent opponent , David Albo , and leads all challengers statewide in fundraising, according to reports filed with the State Board of Elections on January 18, 2005.
Werkheiser out-raised his opponent by almost 2 to 1: Werkheiser $81,615; Albo $55,119.
Werkheiser now has twice as much unencumbered cash on hand as his opponent : Werkheiser $50,017; Albo $23,767
Werkheiser 's contributions come from 200 individuals ; Albo had 8 individual contributors .
Werkheiser leads all challengers statewide in total contributions raised and funds on-hand.
The 42nd House of Delegates District forms the southern tip of Fairfax County . Nearly fifty-two percent of the district voted for John Kerry in 2004, and Governor Mark Warner won the district with similar margins in 2001.
" I am humbled by the support of so many citizens in the 42nd District who are voting with their pocketbooks for a change in leadership. While we are very pleased with this outpouring of support, I am going to keep doing what I have been doing: listening to my neighbors and working to make our communities in Fairfax County a better place to live, work and raise a family ," stated Werkheiser .
For more information about Greg Werkheiser 's campaign , please visit: www.werkheiserfordelegate.com
Below are the details from the fundraising totals:
24 hours after a coordinated series of suicide bombings in saudi arabia , the death toll is still rising. an eighth american has died. in all, 21 people were killed, not including the nine suspected bombers . nearly 200 people were injured. u.s . and saudi officials say the bombings bear the trademark of al qaeda . they may have been timed to coincide with the arrival of secretary of state colin powell in riyadh . the state department is ordering all non-essential diplomats and dependents out of the country . an fbi team is heading to saudi arabia to help investigate the attacks. they targeted three residential compounds for americans and other westerners .
Interesting article at the Accuracy In Media website yesterday. It seems a supposed straight shooting reporter with NBC was taking money to fund a book that is so pro- united nations that its almost sickening to read. (hat tip Clear and Present )
One of the hottest stories around, the U.N . corruption scandal, NBC has been out to lunch. Why? Its U.N . reporter has been on the payroll of the U.N . lobby . Linda Fasulo , the U.N . correspondent for NBC News and MSNBC , has written a pro- U.N . book, An Insider 's Guide to the U.N . , which reads like the U.N . paid for it. Actually, the pro- U.N . lobby paid for it. In a monstrous conflict of interest for a supposed straight news reporter , Fasulo acknowledges Ted Turner 's U.N. Foundation and Better World Campaign for " their generous financial support" of her book project. She also thanks the Rockefeller Brothers Fund "for helping to fund the project." The book is about "one of the finest and most important governing bodies ," she says. Of the U.N . chief , she writes like a school girl with a crush. "It is hard to find anyone who can mount a serious criticism of [ Kofi] Annan 's performance as Secretary General," she claims. His performance is so "impressive" that she wonders if a "cult of personality" has risen up around him . One U.S . official is reported to be "astonished by just how good a Secretary General Kofi Annan has been." Yup, you read that right. Kofi 's performance is soooooo impressive. Gag. Guess the democrats have their own Armstrong conspiracy to deal with.
Why would an NBC reporter ( who also reports on the U.N . for National Public Radio ) take money from the U.N . lobby ? Perhaps because longtime NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw put his stamp of approval on the UNA-USA and BCUN by acting as master of ceremonies at their 2001 Global Leadership Dinner. Not surprisingly, Brokaw is listed on the Fasulo book jacket as saying it is a "must-read." Another endorsement of the book comes from Barbara Crossette , former New York Times bureau chief at the U.N . who now writes for U.N. Wire , a Ted Turner -funded online news service that covers the U.N . A fascinating part of the book is how Fasulo manages to gloss over Annan 's role in the 1994 genocide in Rwanda . She tries to blame the U.S . and other members of the Security Council for not sending enough troops to stop it. She admits, however, that, "The Rwanda massacres occurred while Annan was U.N . Undersecretary General for peacekeeping," and that "After he became SG [ Secretary General], Annan commissioned a report to examine what had happened and suggest remedies." Later, " Annan accepted responsibility for failing to act more quickly," she writes. But responsibility for what? The truth is that, as director of U.N . peacekeeping, Annan personally refused requests to authorize U.N . peacekeepers in Rwanda to seize weapons and prevent genocide. Writer and author Philip Gourevitch has described in detail how, three months before the genocide, Major General Romeo Dallaire , the commander of several thousand U.N . troops in Rwanda , sent a fax to Kofi Annan 's office , saying he had received evidence from a Rwandan government informant that genocide was being planned. The informant offered to help U.N . forces in raiding the government stockpiles to be used in the genocide campaign. All that the informant wanted in return was protection for himself and his family . But the general needed U.N . authorization to conduct such a raid and save lives . He asked for that approval but the answer came back in a now-infamous "genocide fax" from Annan 's office . It denied authorization for the mission and told him that he should turn the information provided by the confidential witness over to the Rwandan government which was planning the genocide! The result was that the information dried up and the genocide took place. Yup, good ole Kofi told this poor guy to give the secret info over to the very government that was planning the genocide. What a great guy he is isn't he .
Or how about the ongoing prostitution that's going on in the Congo ?
Now the report comes out today on the Oil for Food scandal. Yeah...this guy is such a good SG . Eff him .
In an April 30, 2001, Washington Times column, Nat Hentoff noted that the media have devoted "scant mention" to the "plain fact that it was Mr . Annan , when he was head of the United Nation 's peacekeeping office , who could have prevented the slaughter of 800,000 Tutsis and their sympathizers in Rwanda in 1994." It's true, Hentoff said, that the U.N . issued a report in 1999 that acknowledged, to some extent, its role in the killings. But for five and a half years, he noted, Annan "refused to accept any responsibility for the Rwandan holocaust until Mr . Gourevitch and others revealed that less than 5,000 U.N . troops could have stopped the killings if Mr . Annan had not closed his eyes." It is astonishing that a journalist for NBC New would close her eyes to Annan 's role. But that is what she was apparently paid to do.
let' s talk a little bit more about what the navy does to prevent such tragedies. we were talking about it this morning and we put together some graphics for you . i 'll try to explain it the best i can from what i remember from being on the " uss abraham lincoln " this is an amphibious ship , rather, but this is what the navy does with regard to prevention. everybody that is, every sailor that 's entersing the navy does take a swim test. they learn how to tread water and do the dead man float and they have to pass that in order to continue on. also drills take place before sailors get on to any ship , before any deployment, usually twice a day, they 're practicing man overboard drills, knowing where to go, where to report to if indeed a man overboard takes place and as the deployment begins, those wane off, but they know where to go quickly. they also wear float coats. you can see them here. the yellow shirt is wearing a yellow float coat. everything is color coordinated. you see the gentleman here wearing a brown one and they have toggles to pull and inflate. they also have a manual device so if the toggles don't work they can blow air into the inflation device. they have dive goggles and they 're able to find them. it also has a strobe light and a whistle. also such location devices, some ship have smoke floats they can toss out so the man overboard will be able to use smoke signals as a way of trying to find or locate, let the rescuer locate them . also 24/7 there are individuals on watch. all throughout the ship , all around the ship . and indeed, there is netting on most parts of the ship , not on entire all around the entire ship , but on most parts there is a very thick netting. now let' s talk about the man overboard rescue and when indeed there is a man overboard situation. you will hear a p.a. announcement around the entire ship . there is a man overboard so everyone knows they have to react quickly. a ship -wide search will happen f. they don't see that person go overboard, but if indeed they do see someone go overboard, the ship starts to circle that area continuously. also small boats sometimes go out into the water, but even more importantly, helicopters are launched immediately. inside those helicopters rescue imswimmers . if indeed the man overboard is located, well the hoister is dropped down with usually a torso harness. if the man overboard is injured then they may use a basket, but more than likely those swimmers will go right into the water and try and help the swimmer hook up on that harness and pull them up into the helo and pull them back on to the ship for treatment and usually a search takes about 24 hours. the search crews will go 24 hours before calling off that search. why call it off? there's a number of reasons to look at. depending on the water temperature, it's very possible that or very common in cold water that someone will not survive a certain amount of time. also the reason for the 24-hour search is they fail they 've exhausted all resources by that time. anyway, we 'll continue to follow what's happening on the " uss nassau " as those investigations continue for the two missing sailors .
I can't for the life of me figure out why anyone would invest in the airline industry . Please, someone tell me a group companies facing more serious problems than the legacy airline carriers ( Delta , US Airways , Continental , American , Northwestern , United ). High fuel costs, insane pension obligations, and a highly paid, specialized workforce . To this list of woes, we add a whole slew of competitors with much lower cost structures.
I admit I 've already taken advantage of the lower fares announced last week to book a business trip but these next few years are not going to be pretty for some of these companies . Unfortunately, the pain is not limited to these companies . Pittsburgh , one of US Airway 's hubs , built up its airport complete with a sprawling retail complex in the terminal . Now US Airways has reduced flights out of Pittsburgh by 28% since January of 2004 and is in real danger of folding completely. These shiny new airports are usually financed by long-term bonds that still have to paid off...but not by the airlines .
This is an industry looking for a sustainable strategy. Southwest and JetBlue were the only major airlines to earn a profit in 2004 but who knows what will be happening in another five years. So I will thankfully accept the low fares, bemoan the loss of food on flights, and watch these companies parade in and out of bankruptcy.
BusinessWeek Online has some other commentary about the fare cuts here and about US Airway 's woes here .
okay. question of the day. here's jack back with that.
thank you , bill . there's a new poll out this morning, abc news washington post poll that suggests that most americans would support u.s . military action against iran in order to keep the country from acquiring nuclear weapons . according to the survey, 56% said they would back military force block iran from developing nuclear weapons . 38% said they 'd oppose it. that was the question this morning. would you support the use of military force to block iran from developing nuclear weapons ? we have gotten hundred of responses beginning this one from edward in oklahoma . i support the use of military force 100%. the problem is with all of the american forces bizy in iraq , afghanistan , korea , the balkans , the philippines and korea , can we be sure that france and russia are up to the job? not bad. sally in daytona beach . i think if we 're going to get this terror thing overwith, i think we need to clear the countries that house them . it would be deadly to let iran let their hands on nuclear weapons employ i would support any action.
karen brights , i don't support iran . why do we , america , get to choose who has nukes and who doesn't? isn't that the responsibility of the united nations ? kay jones in waterford , connecticut , sure, let' s invade iran . wi or already over there , besides the biggest cost us to next to the loss of life is transporting our troops overseas. iraq , iran . it's only one letter off, we could call it a typo. a little cruel. bill in montana . nuclear weapons in iran , hope -- and buzz writes no one wants to see a war, but no one upons to see another september 11th even more. especially a nuclear september 11th. i would support military action in iran if it helps to stabilize that area of the world .
i think it's fascinating if you put up a map and a dot for all of the places that you get an
breaking news out of long beach , a situation with a standoff involving a 2-year- old and a man with a gun , this one having a peaceful ending. this is near the long beach airport and involved a city bus . a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon , this is pictures. look at that. man spread eagle with a two-year-old child . the officer is going to go in and swoop her away. as we understand it, the man had the child . it was inside of the city bus . police surrounded this bus near the airport with guns drawn. the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away. they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody. that was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child . so that one coming to a peaceful ending, what could have been a very gruesome situation involving that 2-year-old child in southern california . that one is over in long beach .
As expected the Senate Finance Committee this afternoon killed a proposal by House Republicans to finish implementation of the car tax cut by phasing out the remaining 30% over the next six years. The move leaves intact state reimbursement for the locally-imposed property tax at an aggregate of $950 million annually. At present, that amount covers approximately 70% of the tax for the average affected car owner . The commitee action comes two days before House and Senate budget conferees are expected to begin negotiating differences in the respective proposals.
Yep, like I said before, it's either Chichester 's way or the highway . It's simply mind-boggling that Chichester is allowed to single-handedly govern our entire state .
I hate to shatter your illusions Barnie . Your chum , Gov . Pinocchio , is not in-charge of the State . Chichester is new our master ...
What if Chichester had been elected Lt. Gov, instead of Wilder , all those years ago? Fun to speculate. Both are still pretty important, while so many of their contemporaries have had their moments and moved on.
Mark Warner 's career might not have gotten off the ground - didn't he chair Wilder 's campaign in 89?
a wildfire in california forced hundreds of people from their homes . the fire, near the historic state park started yesterday when a trailer , hauled by a pickup , ignited on the golden state freeway . the fire consumed more than 500 acres is only about 35% contained. no injuries have been reported thankfully hat this time.
american airlines may soon have a new destination as well, bankruptcy court . the airlines flight attendants union is calling for a new vote on $340 million in wage concessions after the disclosure last year of an executive compensation plan. the world 's largest airline needs the concessions to avoid a bankruptcy filing. amr , the parent of american airlines , cancelled the bonus program and ceo donald carty as apoll cized to employees . the share plunging 40% here at the nyse . the overall market a fairly quiet session. volume is thin as some traders take an extended holiday weekend. over the next couple of days we 'll continue to get earnings reports. today only a few corporate reports and little economic news to move the market. it's why the dow has been fairly range bound. the nasdaq at this point little changed. that is the latest from the new york stock exchange . there is lots more "live from" coming up after the break.
president bush head to the g-8 summit in france on friday with victory over saddam hussein and in his pocket and a soaring approval rating by the american public , but do europeans share the same enthusiasm for the president ? our senior political analyst bill schneider reports on the results of a brand new poll.
North Korea may have fired laser at US aircraft, official says, as North nullifies accord to keep peninsula nuclear-weapons free
North Korea 's military may have fired a laser at a U.S . helicopter in March, a U.S . official said Tuesday, as the communist state ditched its last legal obligation to keep itself free of nuclear weapons .
The aircraft 's censors detected the unknown type of laser while it was flying near the heavily fortified frontier that divides the two Koreas , the U.S . military official said on condition of anonymity. No one was injured and no equipment was damaged in the incident.
North Korea said Tuesday that a 1992 agreement with South Korea not to deploy nuclear arms on the Korean Peninsula was nullified, accusing the United States of derailing the deal.
``The inter- Korean declaration on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was thus reduced to a dead document due to the U.S . vicious hostile policy to stifle the DPRK with nukes ,'' said the North 's official news agency , KCNA . DPRK stands for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the North 's official name.
The announcement came as U.S . President George W. Bush and South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun were about to meet Wednesday in Washington to discuss North Korea 's nuclear programs.
The accord was the last remaining legal obligation under which North Korea was banned from developing atomic arms . In January this year, North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, a global accord to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons .
A U.S . military official in Seoul , speaking on condition of anonymity, said Tuesday North Korea is believed to have exported US$580 million worth of missiles to Iran , Pakistan , Libya , Syria , Egypt , Yemen and the United Arab Emirates in 2001.
In December, a shipment of North Korean missiles bound for Yemen was briefly stopped in the Arabian Sea .
North Korea accuses the United States of planning to attack the communist country , which Bush has branded part of an `` axis of evil '' along with Iran and Iraq . It also revived its claim that the U.S . military keeps many nuclear weapons in South Korea , turning the country into ``the biggest nuclear advance base in the Far East .''
Washington says it wants to use dialogue to resolve the nuclear crisis, although U.S . officials have not ruled out a military option.
North Korea ``keenly felt that the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula would only remain as a daydream unless the U.S . drops its hostile policy toward the DPRK ,'' KCNA said.
It said the U.S . invasion of Iraq taught it that ``a war can be averted and the sovereignty of the country and the security of the nation can be protected only when a country has ... a strong military deterrent force capable of decisively repelling any attack to be made by any types of sophisticated weapons .''
In New York , South Korean President Roh said he will never condone North Korea 's nuclear development, but Seoul and Washington agree the nuclear standoff with the North must be solved peacefully ``by all means.''
``It is incumbent upon Pyongyang to give up its nuclear project and come forward as a responsible member of the international community,'' he said. ``When the North takes this route, the Republic of Korea and the international community will extend the necessary support and cooperation.''
Julianne Lee , a Roh spokeswoman , said the North Korean statement might be a negotiating ploy in the wake of talks last month with U.S . officials in Beijing .
During the talks in Beijing , U.S . officials said North Korea claimed it already possesses nuclear weapons , and that it had reprocessed 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods  _  a move that could yield several atomic bombs within months.
North Korea offered to drop its nuclear and missile programs in exchange for security guarantees and economic aid, according to U.S . officials .
The nuclear crisis flared in October, when Washington said North Korea admitted having a secret nuclear program in violation of a 1994 treaty with Washington .
we begin tonight talking about the way the justice system deals with those accused or suspected of terrorism, and we 'll talk more about that in just a moment. first, though with some believe is a case in point from tampa , florida , samuel arianna a former college professor in florida who was arrested in february and charged of being a north america head of a palestinian group islamic jihad . he was told today he will have his dmai court . only his day in court won't come until january 2005. lawyers for the three men arrested with him say they need that much time to go over the government 's evidence and prepare their case. two of the indicted men are out on bond, but samiel aryan and other defendant are held without bond which is to say they will stay in jail until the trial starts in roughly 18 months. this conflict over individual liberty and national security is hardly new. president lincoln dealt with it during the civil war, f.d.r . did in world war ii, and it is often true that decisions made in the heat of a moment, a war or after an attack look pretty good at the time, not so good as time passes. whether that is true now, we cannot say. others , however, have thoughts and mr . barr is among them . a republican from the state of georgia . former prosecutor and about the last person on the planet that you would ever call ablying liberal . he joins us tonight. we are always glad to see him . congressman , good evening.
Joseph Granville , the octogenarian technical analyst , has predicted a precipitous decline in stock prices this year . I 'm a little bearish, myself (it always helps), but I 've taken the liberty of checking some alternate sources for Granville information , from which I get the following incident: Granville 's behavior easily attracted public attention. His investment seminars were bizarre extravaganzas, sometimes featuring a trained chimpanzee who could play Granville 's theme song, "The Bagholder's Blues," on a piano. He once showed up at an investment seminar dressed as Moses , wearing a crown and carrying tablets. Granville made extravagant claims for his forecasting ability. He said he could forecast earthquakes and once claimed to have predicted six of the past seven major world quakes. He was quoted by Time magazine as saying, " I don't think that I will ever make a serious mistake in the stock market for the rest of my life," and he predicted that he would win the Nobel Prize in economics .
Sounds like a paragon of stability and common sense to me !
I am 36 years old. I 've been around a while. I 'm not 87 or anything, but I 've seen some things in my life. I have initially agreed and disagreed with different things over the years, only to have my mind changed later. However, I will never EVER change my mind about the idiocy we call Daylight Savings Time.
I Googled "Daylight Savings Time" and I got the following link:
The site says things like " We 've learned to save energy and enjoy sunny summer evenings by switching our clocks an hour forward in the summer" and there's no S at the end of Savings. It should be Daylight Saving Time.
My apologies to the assclowns that invented this idiocy and the goobers that perpetuate it in such a ridiculous fashion.
I will concede that "springing forward" and "falling back" are good ways to remember to change the batteries in your smoke detectors. However, New Years and the Fourth of July would do the same thing.
I kept reading the website of propoganda and found that the first person to come up with the idea was Benjamin Franklin who did it on behalf of some friends that owned oil companies (oil was used in lamps).
I assume that, because the idea was dumb and inconvenient, lots of people ignored it. "By 1966, some 100 million Americans were observing DST based on their own local laws and customs. Congress decided to step in to end the confusion and establish one pattern across the country . The Uniform Time Act of 1966 (15 U.S. Code Section 260a) which was signed into Public Law 89-387 on 12 April 1966, by President Lyndon Johnson , created Daylight Saving Tim to begin on the last Sunday of April and to end on the last Sunday of October. Any State that wanted to be exempt from DST could do so by passing a state law.
There's a LOT more to this since then, and you can read a lot more it if you want to, but this is what I know:
Indiana 's eastern half doesn't use it. What's THAT all about?
Arizona doesn't use it because one tribe of Indians stretches into three states . But those other states DO use it.
Hawaii doesn't use it at all. Of course, they 're closer to Japan than to us , and since Japan doesn't use it, Hawaii just plays along. (Do you think the Hawaiian's sit around, staring west, just becuase they still don't trust the Japs ?)
Regardless of when I go to bed (11pm or 10pm or 9pm), I get up at
5:30 and I am fucking exhausted. How can that be? I slept the same number of hours as I did two weeks ago, yet I 'm tired?
Also, I am so hungry I could eat my little tub of Carmex by 10:30am every day. I used to eat lunch between 11:30 and noon, but now, eating is all I think about after 10am. Why is that good for me ?
I don't care if America saves 1% of its energy consumption costs during those times. I am tired, hungry, and I leave for work and get home from work in the dark. How healthy is that?
For that matter, I don't care about any of the pro-farming or anti-crime propoganda. Daylight SAVINGS Time sucks!!
Now, if you 'll excuse me , I have to go stalk the lobby for the girls that are bringing me my Krystals. order and fight to keep myself from falling asleep in my cube .
About time you realized Daylight SavingS time is the work of Satan 's minions .
You would feel comfortable in China , then; it's the same time everywhere .
the head of the catholic church in phoenix , arizona , bishop thomas o'brien has resigned. just one day after being charged with a felony. he is accused of leaving the scene of a fatal accident. earlier this month o'brien narrowly escaped prosecution over his handling of sexual abuse allegations against priests .
they 're calling it a one of a kind exhibit t rarest and most precious diamonds in the world on display starting tomorrow morning at a smithsonian in washington . they are huge rocks. kathleen coke got a private advanced tour of the vault and the diamonds.
reporter: they are the seven wonders of the gem world gathered together in one place for the first time in history.
for these three months this will be a once in a lifetime opportunity to see these together.
reporter: in the heart of the museum of national history passed cabinets of artifacts. they are stored temporarily in a vault few people enter. we did interviews locked inside next to the seven perfect diamonds.
reporter: a hefty diamond that thieves took a stab at in london in 2000 using a bulldozier , sledgehammer and nail guns. police tipped off the raiding.
they would have committed the largest robbery ever to take place ever in the world .
reporter: the jewels include the finest colored diamonds president world . colors created when i'm purities replaced the carbon.
this beautiful yellow gets its color from nitrogen i'm purities. the blue color comes from boron.
reporter: the 59.6 karat pink diamond just unveiled in monaco is on display for the first time. its owners confident it is secure.
this exhibit is every jewel thief 's dream. they're mt. everest to concur. isn't that a frightening prospect?
it's a very frightens prospect. it is a nightmare. that will never take place.
reporter: assured because the collection will take place in the same room of the hope diamond. this room an actual vault with state-of-the-art security. iron doors hidden in panels close every night, sealing it off from the the rest of the museum .
reporter: stars hyper ventilating and dig tears getting a tour of it. kat len koch , cnn , washington .
Malaysia's Anwar loses appeal in sodomy case ATTENTION - ADDS Anwar quote, backround ///
Malaysia 's Appeal Court Friday refused to overturn the conviction and nine-year jail sentence imposed on ex-deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim for sodomy.
Anwar , 56, who this week completed four years in prison on a corruption charge, now faces an earliest possible release date of April 14, 2009 if he is given one third remission of his sentence for good behaviour.
The former heir -apparent to Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad , who says he was framed for political reasons, told reporters after his appeal was rejected: " You must remember its pre-selected judges , most junior of the court of appeal, and its all scripted.
Mahathir 's sacking of the charismatic and popular Anwar in September 1998 rocked Malaysian politics, with thousands of people taking to the streets to demonstrate their support for him .
Within weeks he was arrested and charged with sodomising an official driver several years previously and with abusing his powers to cover up the offence.
The conduct of the trials was widely criticised internationally and the United States still lists Anwar as a political prisoner .
Anwar was told Monday that he had been granted a standard one-third remission of a six-year corruption sentence for good behaviour, and immediately began to serve the nine-year sentence for sodomy.
That's something to look at. Today the Pentagon is comparing suicide bombing attacks on coalition forces in Iraq to terrorism. Four U.S . Army soldiers were killed when a suicide bomber attacked a military checkpoint today in Najaf . CNN 's Chris Plante is chasing all that down for us at the Pentagon right now. Hello Chris .
Hi, Judy . That's right. Four U.S . soldiers from the 3rd Infantry Division manning a checkpoint near the town of Najaf killed today in an apparent suicide bombing. A man driving what appeared to be a taxicab came to the checkpoint , waved soldiers over, appeared to be having mechanical problems of some kind. As the soldiers approached, the man detonated explosives in the car killing all four of the soldiers . This is something that Iraqi Vice President Ramadan had said would take place. He said this long before the conflict ever began. He reiterated today in a press conference in Baghdad that this would just be the beginning of this that they would plan on killing thousands of U.S . troops with suicide bombing similar to this. Also, in southern Iraq today near Basra , two members - claimed to be members of Saddam 's Thataeen (ph) group surrendered to U.S . troops saying that they had been ordered to carry out suicide bombings down there but that they didn't want to die for the regime so they were surrendering. At the Pentagon briefing today, General Stanley McChrystal said that it looked a lot like terrorism.
It looks and feels like terrorism and what it requires is units to conduct forced production activities which they are prepared and do all the time but clearly when you see a tactic like this, it requires strict adherence or adjustments to your tactics, techniques and procedures to ensure that places like checkpoints are not vulnerable. So it won't change our overall rules of engagement. It doesn't effect the operation at large but to protect our soldiers it clearly requires great care.
So certainly an unpleasant development today Judy and another item on the docket over here today is the failure of a number of cruise missiles . Tomahawk land detect missiles being from launched from ships in the eastern Mediterranean and in the Red Sea have suffered a number of failures. The Pentagon says a total of seven of the cruise missiles have failed crashing in Turkey and in Saudi Arabia . No injuries reported. The missiles are programmed so that they don't detonate until they reach their target. If they go astray, then the warheads never arm but claiming that it's about one percent of the warheads . They 've fired 675 or so tomahawk land detect missiles from ships and seven of those have failed. Judy ...
Chris , very quickly, new information from the Pentagon today about any concerns they have about Saddam Hussein 's ongoing air defense capability?
Well, no major concern. The Pentagon says that they do have air dominance as they now call it over the vast majority of the country that there are certain areas and only certain areas of downtown Iraq where battle management radars linked to surface to air missiles are still in tact. The reason that they're still in tact according to today's briefing was that they had not turned them on and as long as they don't turn them on, the U.S . has trouble locating them . They assure us that as soon as they do start turning on these radars that they 'll take those out too and finish the job in terms of airspace over Baghdad . Judy ...
All right. We 're paying attention to all those details for us , Chris Plante at the Pentagon . You 're looking at live pictures of Baghdad where there have been more strikes, more bombs dropped, more missiles this evening and of course as always, CNN keeping a close eye, a close watch, a close listen on what's going on in Baghdad . Coming up, coalition forces control several parts of southern Iraq but they still face some serious problems including pockets of resistance. That story when we come back. Since marching into Iraq , coalition troops have engaged in some fierce battles with Saddam Hussein 's forces . A serious problem they still face though, pockets of resistance. Reporter David Bowden is with the British forces in Umm Qasr in southern Iraq .
a bomb exploded today in a courtroom in southern yemen , injuring four people , one of them a judge . a man with a pistol was arrested outside of the courthouse and police say he admits planning the bombs . it was the same courtroom where a suspected al qaeda militant got a death sentence last week for killing three american missionaries .
U.S. LIKELY TO WAIT, REGROUP BEFORE ATTACKING BAGHDAD
WASHINGTON _ Having punched through severely depleted Republican Guard divisions that formed Baghdad 's outer defensive ring, U.S . Army and Marine forces are likely to pause again to test the Iraqi capital 's inner defenses and waall but evaporated under the weight of the U.S . assault. Their collapse left the U.S . troops less than 20 miles from Saddam Hussein 's capital . Bet`fow Central Command chief Gen . Tommy Franks and his field commanders face a big decision _ whether to rush into the city of 5 million where Hussein 's regime has gathered its most-trusted forces or wait and see if the war can be won without paying the price of street -to- street urban fighting.
`` We are expectingn or at least planning for, a very difficult fight ahead,'' Gen . Stanley McChrystal said at the Pentagon Tuesday. `` We are not expecting to drive into Baghdad suddenly and seize it .''
Instead of an all-out assault, analysts expect the United States to follow the example of British forces outside the southern Iraqi city of Basra . They are likely to mount small probing patrols into the city to determine the level of Iraqi resistance.
If these patrols meet little opposition, thousands of troops could rush into the city . If the Iraqis respond forcefully, the Army and Marine units could withdraw and await the 4th Mechanized Infantry Division , which will soon start moving north from Kuwait . While they wait, the forces would try to determine where Iraqi strong points are within the city and where Hussein might be, if he is still alive.
``The Basra model will work for a while, at least until you see problems with food and water for civilians in the city ,'' said Lawrence Korb , an analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations who was assistant defense secretary under former President Ronald Reagan .
``Before going in (with a full assault), you have to decide if it's worth the risks, and ... you have to know who 's there in the way of Iraqi forces and the amount of potential damage to civilians ,'' he said.
The administration has said it wants to minimize casualties to Iraqi civilians , which makes the British experience around Basra instructive, the analysts said. The British have been outside the city of 1.5 million for more than a week. Thousands of refugees have fled the city , apparently providing information to the British that has led to raids on military and Baath Party sites in the city .
``The key endgame may be whether the U.S . can parse out the key regime centers of power in Baghdad and attack them without having to fight into the city , or at least locate them well enough to at man of the Center for Strategic and International Studies said in his daily war report.
U.S . strategists say that Hussein , if he is still alive and in control of his forces , might like a bloody battle in Baghdad because such fighting could cause heavy U.S . casualties. His last hope for survival might be that the United States loses its taste for such losses and forces President Bush to negotiate a compromise that would allow Hussein and his family to keep power in Baghdad .
But Michael O'Hanlon of the Brookings Institution in Washington said the apparent collapse of Republican Guard resistance could deprive Hussein of much of the wallop he was counting on in the city .
``If U.S . forces seriously degrade Iraq 's half-dozen Republican Guard divisions before that final battle, and only have to face perhaps 30,000 Special Republican Guard , fedayeen , and related personnel , the task will not be as hard as it might have been,'' he said.
While two guard divisions have apparently been smashed, there are three others in the Baghdad area . A sixth remains in northern Iraq .
Cordesman said it seems the guards have been reinforced by units from the regular Iraqi army , which is generally viewed as less reliable. This shows the Iraqi military 's growing weakness, he said.
``The Republican Guard has taken a massive hammering at every level and is now scattered and deploying somewhat erratically at the brigade level,'' he said.
The Iraqis still haven't used chemical weapons , even though many experts feared such attacks as the U.S . troops neared Baghdad . Korb , who 's convinced Hussein has stocks of chemical weapons he never reported to U.N . inspectors , said he wouldn't be surprised if Hussein tried to use them .
But he also said, `` He may destroy them to embarrass us ,'' to show the world he never had such weapons and that Bush invaded for no reason other than aggression.
The U.S . forces zeroing in on Baghdad _ the 1st Marine Division from the east and the Army 's 3rd Mechanized Infantry Division _ are trained in urban warfare. But in such close-quarters fighting, they would lose much of the technological advantage of their air supremacy, which would have to be curtailed because bombing in a city can cause large civilian casualties.
However, Baghdad from the air looks like Los Angeles _ wide, straight boulevards intersected by side streets in a grid pattern. `` Our forces would be capable of dealing with it reasonably. But there would be lots of casualties on all sides,'' Korb said.
he was called comic albuquerque i or baghdad bob during the war in iraq when he keptic sifting things were going badly for the u.s. and great for saddam hussein . the minister of information or disinformation vanished when baghdad fell and has not been seen since, but his legacy remains in a dance tune producers hope will be a huge hit. more on this now from cnn 's jim bolden in london .
reporter: they have no control. don't believe them . .
reporter: and he usually didn't tell the truth and now he 's a star .
we thought he was the funniest guy we 'd seen on television since benny hill . .
reporter: a group of london -based dance musicians have produce a mohammed saif al sahaf song, "i can't believe what i'm hearing." some of the things he came out with when the american tanks were converging with him .
they are not here and they're behind him all of the time.
reporter: the song features saa of 's own voice in his own voice.
his voice is brilliant. he could be a rapper if he was a rapper he could get a job doing this kind of thing. yeah.
reporter: iraq 's former information minister might need a job right now. sal saa of is nowhere to be found, but his face is virtually everywhere on web sites, coffee cups, t-shirts and dolls. if he ever does show his face again in the flesh.
reporter: if he doesn't claim his royalty, they 'll donate them to an iraqi children 's charity .
if you 'd like to hear more of the news cal debut of mohammed saeed sal sahaf , we 'vea added a link on cnn.com/wolf. we 'll update you on a drama unfolding off the coast of florida . look at this, live pictures, three cubans , will they be rescued? are they trying to swim to shore we 'll
some u.s . troops have not had a chance to call home since they were deployed for duty in "operation iraqi freedom." for some wives , the kindness of strangers has eased their worries. beth basin explains.
reporter: jamie 's husband jack was deployed a couple of weeks ago. she and her daughter jordan often shuffle through these pictures of him taken before he left. she has no idea where her husband is now, but thanks to a little help from a delta flight attendant , she knew he got where he was going.
reporter: along with the picture, the flight attendant wrote a letter saying she was prague for jack 's safe return. the trip to georgia was just the first leg. he got on a flight to an undisclosed location , when jamie got a second phone call from a flight attendant .
he asked us to call you to let you know he 's okay, and she told us that he whipped out pictures of our kids and everything and showed all the family pictures and stuff.
reporter: jamie is not the only military wife who received a photo and letter. her friend anna also got one. turns out anna 's husband flew out on the same flight as jack . although a small gesture, anna says it's maents a great deal.
it made me realize that someone out there does care about my husband and the rest of the military , and it's not all anti-war.
reporter: even though neither of the women have ever met the flight attendants , they say they 'll never forget their act of kindness.
we get thousands of e-mail from our viewers every day. here's what some of you are saying as far as our coverage of the top stories is concerns. william writes this -- please continue to write to us . we love hearing from you . just go to our website, cnn.com/wolf. we read all of your e-mail. much more coverage of the new iraq and
I am having a difficult time putting my feelings into words right now, so bear with me .
First of all, I want to congratulate the Auburn Football team for doing what no other Auburn football team has done; going 12-0. They also won their first outright SEC title since 1987 and won their first SEC title since the conference implimented the Championship game format.
A year ago, the program was in disarray and the coach was one poorly executed plane trip away from being fired by an over-zealous and too empowered booster with a fat checkbook. Since that day, the team is undefeated and has won 14 games in a row. They have now beated four teams that were in the top 15 at the time the games were played, and two of those games were won away from Jordan-Hare Stadium .
On championship weekend, the big three all played. USC won by five over a shitty UCLA team with a 6-5 record, and that was thanks in part to an official who blew dead a clear and obvious fumble that would have been returned for a UCLA touchdown.
Oklahoma played in it 's conference title game against a four-loss Colorado team that can't throw the ball. The result was a 40 plus point beatdown, but what did anyone expect?
Auburn played 15th ranked Tennessee and was attempting to do one of the toughest things to do in college football: beating a team twice in the same year.
With the exception of a 15 yard shanked punt and a punt snap that Kody Bliss missed while having an apparent thrombosis, Auburn led 21-7 at the half and had held UT to 46 yards of offense. While the Auburn running game was held up, Jason Campbell threw it all over the ball field and, when his receivers were covered, he ran for yardage on his own . This despite several late hits to the head, low hits at his knees and ankles, and various other assaults outside the realm of good sportsmanship.
Tennessee scored on a pass play that was incorrectly ruled a touchdown, since the ball clearly touched the turf, and that's where the momentum of the game changed. I think it was also at that point that the scoreboard began to reflect Auburn 's last title hopes dying as the Oklahoma - Colorado score would have begun showing the beat-down that was occuring.
Auburn was tied 21-21 and in jeapordy of losing it most important game ever, but senior QB Jason Campbell would have none of it.
Auburn won going away 38-28, and the only place the game looked close was on the scoreboard.
I can't believe that an undefeated SEC team is not playing for a title, but I guess we can thank Jeff Sagarin and the other dicks that keep voting USC number one to make up for what happened to them last year. All I know is that they better think that way next year, because it's Auburn that got screwed this year.
And what's better is that Auburn gets to play one of the three hottest teams in the country in my opinion. Virginia Tech is talented, very athletic and one of the most well coached teams in the country and they WILL come to play on January 3rd.
I hope our kids can shake off this travesty and focus on making the pollsters look like idiots . Maybe an Oklahoma win in a butt-ugly game and a great Auburn performance could help.
What's the definition of pragmatic? Going undefeated and chanting " We 're number TWO!!"
I was hoping for another incredibly drawn-out story, full of antitrust drama, lurking potential bidders , and contentious confrontations between executives . And then MCI just sort of accepted a Verizon deal without really bothering anybody . Clearly, their corporate culture has suffered -- 25 years ago, MCI was the brawling upstart in the telecom industry , constantly challenging AT&amp;T 's right to exist, much less to monopolize the phone system. And now, they 're swallowed by Just Another Monolith . I expected better -- meaner and tougher, sure, but better nonetheless.
Welcome all to my new site. I 've decided to incorporate my old work blog into a general blog, the work diary is up on the right titled " my work diary".
The world is a much better place now that the terrorist Yassar Arafat is dead. Here is a good one minute video on his great legacy Here . This guy was one of the early innovators of terrorism in this century and he is protrayed by the Main Stream Media ( MSM for short) as a "freedom fighter ". Because of him millions of palestinians chose "jihad" over peace with Isreal . He innovated suicide bombers and plane hijacking plus he embezzelled hundreds of millions of dollars from aid funds....and this guy got a nobel peace prize, what a disgrace.
UPDATE 1 - Drudge is reporting that Arafat has been skimming 2 million a month from the gasoline trade in the territories
MAG : Arafat Skimmed $2 Million a Month From the Gas Trade Sun Nov 14 2004 09:53:40 ET New York
-- Last year auditors discovered Arafat was guilty of skimming $2 million a month from the gasoline trade in the territories , TIME reports.In August 2002 international donors forced Arafat to sign over his investments to the Palestine Investment Fund , which was audited by U.S . accountants and managed by Palestinian Finance Minister Salam Fayyad , a former International Monetary Fund official .
After scouring corporations throughout the Arab world and bank accounts in the Cayman Islands and Luxembourg , the auditors identified $800 million, which has been made a part of the Palestinian Authority 's official budget. It's the most successful financial reform in the Arab world , -- Jim Prince , president of the Los Angeles -based Democracy Council and head of the audit team , tells TIME .
People close to Fayyad 's investigation told TIME of Arafat 's skimming from the gas trade. Breaking the gasoline smuggling and corruption boosted the Palestinian Authority 's official treasury by $10 million a month and cut gas prices for ordinary Palestinians ." Arafat 's death means his followers may never know just how much more they may be owed, "writes TIME 's Matt Rees in "Where's Arafat's Money?"
In the mid-1990s, Arafat controlled a financial empire worth at least $3 billion. By the time of his death, he was down to his last $1 billion, according to Israeli - intelligence estimates. Arafat wife Suha 's outburst that his successors were "trying to bury [ him ] alive" came after she learned that Arafat had signed over at least $800 million to the government of the Palestinian Authority two years ago, TIME reports.
Top Palestinian officials say Suha wants the new chief of the P.L.O ., Mahmoud Abbas , and Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qurei to give her money out of the P.L.O .'s party coffers. But a senior P.L.O . official tells TIME , " they 'll pay her a pension, and that's it." People familiar with Arafat 's finances say the Palestinian leader sent Suha $200,000 a month out of the Palestinian Authority 's budget for the Office of the President .
French authorities are investigating transfers of $15 million from Swiss banks to Paris accounts in Suha 's name at the Arab Bank and at BNP Paribas Bank , a French bank , TIME reports.Senior Palestinian security officials tell TIME that Arafat also shipped money to the gunmen of the Aqsa Martyrs Brigades .
Developing... Sure sounds like a Nobel Prize winner to me .
URGENT U.S. tanks roll into heart of Baghdad and troops occupy key buildings.
American troops stormed a presidential palace and other key buildings in Baghdad as U.S . tanks rumbled into the heart of the battered Iraqi capital on Monday amid the thunder of gunfire and explosions.
Buildings occupied by U.S . troops included Saddam Hussein 's newest presidential palace , the Information Ministry and the Al-Rashid Hotel . Reporters saw the tanks roll into the heart of Baghdad on the western side of the Tigris River , which divides the city .
As U.S . columns moved northeast along the Tigris river , Iraqis fled along its banks and some jumped in the water . An ammunition depot across the river was on fire.
More than 70 tanks and 60 Bradley armored vehicles were involved in the blitz, military sources said.
At the palace compound , Iraqis shot small arms fire from a clock tower , which the U.S . tanks quickly destroyed. Most of the compound was severely damaged from prior U.S . raids.
Col . David Perkins , a brigade commander of the 3rd Infantry , told his troops before the operation that the mission was intended to be ``a dramatic show of force'' to demonstrate that U.S . forces can enter Baghdad at any time, anywhere.
`` I hope this makes it clear to the Iraqi people that this (the regime ) is over and that they can now enjoy their new freedom,'' Perkins said.
`` I do believe this city is freakin' ours ,'' said Capt . Chris Carter .
Monday's incursion by U.S . armor was the second, but appeared to be much heavier. The first one was on Saturday and triggered intense gun battles, which according to some U.S . accounts, left at least 2,000 Iraqi fighters dead.
Since coalition troops seized Baghdad 's international airport , they have encircled the heavily-bombed city of 5 million people , blocking off entry and exits and monitored all movement from the air.
In a move weighted with symbolism and tactical importance, a hulking U.S . C-130 transport plane flew into Baghdad 's airport . The arrival presaged a major resupply effort by air for U.S . troops , dependent until now on a tenuous line stretching 550 kilometers (350 miles) to Kuwait .
Monday's advances came one day after British forces in the south made their deepest push into Iraq 's second largest city .
Gen . Peter Pace , vice chairman of the U.S . Joint Chiefs of Staff , told CNN that U.S . forces drove though portions of the Iraqi capital , seizing Iraqi tanks and armored personnel carriers .
U.S . officials have declared Baghdad cut off from the rest of Iraq .
`` We do control the highways in and out of the city and do have the capability to interdict, to stop, to attack any Iraqi military forces that might try to either escape or to engage our forces ,'' said Pace .
Intense fighting over the weekend took a growing toll on combatants and civilians . Injured Russian diplomats and a convoy of America 's Kurdish comrades in arms were among unintended victims caught in crossfire and friendly fire Sunday. Kurds said 18 of their own died in the mistaken U.S . air strike.
Assorted prizes fell into allied hands, some after hard fighting, but U.S . forces had yet to confront Baghdad 's last-ditch defenders on a large scale.
Inside a VIP building at the airport , troops found a lavish hideaway believed to have been used by Saddam , Associated Press Television News reported.
Southeast of Baghdad , Marines seized one of Saddam 's palaces and poked through remnants of a Republican Guard headquarters .
Also to the south, U.S . forces took control Sunday of the center of the holy city of Karbala , the Army Times newspaper reported from the scene.
U.S . forces consolidated positions around Baghdad . Explosions were heard throughout the night Sunday, and shortly before dawn on Monday, shaking downtown buildings .
On another vital front, British troops thrust to the center of Basra , Iraq 's second largest city , with a sense they were finally shaking Saddam loyalists loose.
British Desert Rats went into the city of 1.3 million with more than three dozen tanks and armored cars , a column similar in size to the American unit that probed suburban Baghdad. The British found resistance softer than expected, picked up reports that the local Baath Party leadership was crumbling and fought into the core, losing at least three soldiers .
`` We have a lot of it occupied,'' British Maj. Gen . Peter Wall told the BBC . He said it might take days to put down renegades .
The United States is deploying some of Iraq 's exiles and internal dissidents around the country to help root out pro- Saddam elements , keep order and distribute aid, according to one such organization , the Iraq National Congress . The group said several hundred of its members were flown to an area near the city of Nasiriyah .
In northern Iraq , U.S . warplanes struck a convoy of allied Kurdish fighters and U.S . special forces Sunday in one of the deadliest friendly fire attacks of the war. At least 18 people were killed and more than 45 wounded, including senior Kurdish commanders , Kurdish officials said.
U.S . Central Command only reported one civilian killed and six people injured, including a U.S . soldier , but its investigation was not complete.
A convoy of Russian diplomats , including the ambassador , came under fire Sunday while evacuating Baghdad , the Russian foreign ministry said. A correspondent for state -run Russian television said the convoy was caught in a crossfire and three diplomats were hurt, one with a serious stomach wound.
U.S . Central Command said no allied forces were operating in the area at the time, but it was investigating what happened.
power being restored on a rolling basis throughout baghdad today. the city went dark two weeks ago leaving people without electricity or the ability to cook or keep food from spoiling. engineers have managed to restart two substations and six diesel plants and also need that to help the hospitals get online as well.
US insurer AIG to take over GE unit in Japan: reports
Major US insurance group AIG is in the final stage of talks to take over General Electric 's Japanese life insurance arm in a deal to create Japan 's sixth largest life insurer , reports said Wednesday.
American International Group Inc . is likely to acquire all shares in GE Edison Life Insurance by the end of September and also take over GE 's US car and fire insurance operations, the reports said.
The total purchase cost is estimated at 300 billion yen (2.5 billion dollars), the business daily Nihon Keizai and news agency Jiji Press said.
GE Edison Life Insurance Co. Ltd . is a key Japanese life insurance unit of US conglomerate General Electric Co .
No officials at the AIG Tokyo office or GE Edison were immediately available to comment on the reports.
GE Edison would be AIG 's third life insurance unit in Japan following Alico Japan and AIG Star life Insurance Co .
The acquisition of GE Edison is expected to boost AIG 's annual life insurance premium revenue in Japan to about 1.1 trillion yen, ranking it sixth in the Japanese life insurance business .
US pharmaceutical company founder sentenced to 87 months in prison
Sam Waksal , founder of the US pharmaceutical company ImClone Systems was sentenced to 87 months in prison Tuesday for insider trading.
Waksal was also ordered to pay more than 4 million dollars in fines and back taxes. This order came after about two hours' legal proceedings at the Manhattan courthouse in New York , according to a TV report.
Before the sentence, there had been speculations among analysts on whether Waksal would get leniency because his company has been working on researches of cancer drugs, a good endeavor in the eyes of many people .
ImClone 's Erbitux drug has been recently accepted to be effective in helping cancer patients . But the order just released from the courthouse in New York has obviously separated Waksal 's good efforts in making new drugs from his legal problems.
Amid the financial storms last year and the ensuing cracking down on corporate malfeasance, Waksal pleaded guilty in October to charges involving his efforts to sell a huge block of his company ' s stock in late 2001.
The attempt to sell the shares were just before ImClone shares plunged on the news that the Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone 's application to sell the experimental cancer drug, Erbitux.
This incident then triggered legal investigations, which also included the case of a US media and domestic design diva , Martha Stewart .
Chinese leader favours Russia in first foreign tour by Henry Meyer
Highlighting close ties between Moscow and Beijing , Chinese President Hu Jintao Monday will make Russia his first foreign destination since becoming leader in a visit that could seal a major pipeline accord.
Hu , who was appointed to the top job in March, will meet his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin during his three-day state visit from May 26 to 28. He will then stay on for a regional summit before heading to Saint Petersburg for celebrations marking the 300th anniversary of the city 's founding.
"This upcoming visit to Russia will be my first trip aboard since I became president of China . I plan a thorough exchange of views with President Vladimir Putin on bilateral and important regional and international issues," Hu said in an interview with Russia 's Interfax news agency .
" Our discussions should strengthen political trust between the two sides and mutually beneficial cooperation to raise Russian - Chinese relations to a new level," he added.
Putin , who enjoyed a warm relationship with former Chinese president Jiang Zeming , has made efforts to nurture ties with Hu and was the first world leader to go to Beijing to meet him in December when he was president -in-waiting.
" Presidents Vladimir Putin and Hu Jintao have developed good personal contacts, which will undoubtedly facilitate the promotion of the Russian strategic partnership," Russia 's ambassador to China Igor Rogachyov said, quoted by Interfax .
Russia has given a high priority to its relations with the United States despite a bitter disagreement over the US -led campaign to topple Saddam Hussein in Iraq .
But China remains a key Russian ally , demonstrated by the fact that Hu will be the only foreign leader apart from US President George W. Bush to hold a summit with Putin in the days surrounding the Saint Petersburg festivities.
Leaders of the two Asian giants , according to UFG financial brokerage , may ink a deal for the construction of a 2,400 kilometre (1,500-mile) oil pipeline from eastern Siberia to the Chinese city of Daqing , bringing Russian crude to energy-hungry China .
Although the Russian government is formally committed to building an extension of the pipeline that would supply Japan through the Russian port of Nakhodka , experts believe that project is unlikely to see the light of day.
Russian oil giant Yukos , whose output will be shipped through the pipeline , had lobbied furiously for the Chinese route although the state pipeline monopoly Transneft argued that it was wrong to tie strategic Russian energy resources to the whims of a single buyer .
"Single customers are always a danger. However, the project makes economic sense," commented Asia expert Dmitry Trenin , deputy director in Moscow of the Carnegie Center , a Washington -based think tank .
The shorter Chinese route, a 2,400-kilometre project, would cost around half the Japanese pipeline , at 2.5 billion dollars (2.15 billion euros), and would need to transport just 20 million tonnes a year to be economic.
China , whose booming economy has turned the country into an increasingly valuable economic partner for Russia , especially in its backward far eastern regions , is also a major purchaser of Russian weapons .
"It's a very important relationship. China is a very dynamic neighbour and a rising world power . In many ways it is far ahead of Russia ," Trenin said.
The Chinese president expressed the hope that bilateral trade could be raised from its current level of 12 billion dollars a year to 20 billion dollars.
Analysts however cautioned against any attempt to turn the focus from economic cooperation to a broader strategic alliance, given that both sides opposed the war in Iraq .
"The Chinese are trying to establish a rapport (between Hu and Putin ) and this is in Russia 's interests. However, this rapport should not serve the role of forming an alliance to counter American dominance in the world ," said Trenin .
"A lot can be said for an amicable, neighbourly relationship between Moscow and Beijing and this is what the rapport should serve," he added.
Iraqis Mistakenly Believe Soldiers Have Sights on Sacred Landmark
Thanks very much, Judy . With the power out now in Baghdad , we 're getting word that loudspeakers have been blaring in the Iraqi capital , urging citizens to go to the international airport there , presumably to defend it against coalition forces . Now that armored columns of U.S .-led troops have reached the outskirts of Baghdad , eyewitnesses report fighting and shelling around Saddam Hussein International Airport . In the final push to Baghdad , U.S . forces face limited resistance from Iraqi troops . But the Pentagon believes some Iraqi Republican Guard units have withdrawn to the capital for what could be their last stand. Farther south in Basra , smoke rose over the city as coalition vehicles moved in today. British forces say they 're consolidating their position in Basra 's key suburbs . And in northern Iraq , Kurdish political leaders and members of the Iraqi opposition are engaged in talks with U.S . military commanders . They reportedly are exploring the option of joining forces against Saddam Hussein . Coalition forces launched their latest advances toward Baghdad in the pre-dawn hours today, heading toward the Iraqi capital from the southeast and the southwest. The forces encountered limited resistance along the way and are now poised for the final assault not far from the edge of the city . Reporter Carl Dinnon of Britain 's ITN filed this report.
Baghdad is now within striking distance as troops make their final thrust through the desert . Wrecked armor by the sides of the road suggests there has been some Iraqi opposition. But by and large, the Republican Guard has either been destroyed or has withdrawn. And the way seems to be open for coalition forces to close in on the city 's southern limits . At daybreak, U.S . troops pushed through the outskirts of Karbala on the road to Baghdad , capturing a key bridge on the Euphrates River . Meanwhile, coalition commanders posted American special forces were now operating at will. These dramatic pictures show a raid on a presidential palace less than 60 miles from Baghdad . It seems to have been abandoned, but the United States said it was still on the trail of Saddam and his closest circle .
We remain cautiously optimistic. We don't think that the fighting is over yet, and so there are still options available to the regime , including the use of weapons of mass destruction. We take that very seriously. We take it in a sober fashion. And at the same time, we remain prepared to continue operations.
The Americans say they 've destroyed two divisions of the elite Republican Guard . (on camera): The Medina division , which is one of the toughest outfits in the Republican Guard is now down to 10 percent of its fighting strength. That means it 's practically inoperative. Others are down to 50 percent, but there's still one or two divisions around 75, 80, 90 percent of their fighting strength, and they could still put up very stiff resistance, indeed, when the American forces get en masse to Baghdad itself . (voice-over): The noose appears to be tightening on Saddam Hussein . The question is, how desperate he will get before he is finally toppled. Carl Dinnon , ITV News , Iraq .
In the southern city of Najaf , home to one of Islam's holiest sites , moments of tension that could have gone either way earlier today. Armed coalition soldiers moving toward a venerated mosque at the behest of a Muslim cleric . Angry locals who did not understand their intentions clearly showed their intentions as well. CNN 's Ryan Chilcote is in Najaf . We 're going to get to him shortly. But Judy Woodruff , back in Washington , has breaking news -- Judy .
This recent news story is troubling in many different ways. When I first heard of the story I figured it was some wackjob playing with a new toy but now we find out there have been 7 incidents since Christmas from the West to East coast . The FBI , concerned that terrorists could use lasers as weapons , is investigating why laser beams were directed into the cockpits of seven airplanes in flight since Christmas.
Laser beams can temporarily blind or disorient pilots and possibly cause a plane to crash.
The FBI is looking into two incidents in Colorado Springs , Colo ., and one each in Cleveland , Washington , Houston , Teterboro , N.J ., and Medford , Ore ., according to federal and local law enforcement and transportation officials , some of whom spoke only on condition of anonymity.
A federal law enforcement official , who declined to be identified by name, said Thursday there is no evidence of a plot or terrorist activity. But pilots are troubled by the incidents, and the FBI earlier this month warned of the possibility that terrorists might use the devices as weapons .
"It's not some kid ," said Paul Rancatore , a pilot who serves as deputy chairman of the security committee for the Allied Pilots Association . "It's too organized."
Loren Thompson , who teaches military technology at Georgetown University , called it a "rather worrisome development," though he said experts would be more puzzled than alarmed.
"What we 're talking about is a fairly powerful visible light laser that has the ability to lock onto a fast-moving aircraft ," Thompson said. " That 's not the sort of thing you pick up at a military surplus store ."
Thompson said a piece of equipment that could do the things the FBI suspects would be "fairly expensive and fairly sophisticated."
"It sounds like an organized effort to cause airline accidents," Thompson said. Michelle Malkin has a post about this today where some outlets have stopped selling lasers . Lots of people think that these indeed might be loonies playing with new Christmas toys but I disagree.
These are incidents where the Airplanes were tracked , some as high as 8500 feet. To track a fast moving plane at that altitude would not be some toy you can get from the local wal-mart . In my opinion this is quite alarming.
This Isn't Writing, It's Typing has a great post out with a ton of info, some of it quite scary A more frightening scenario is that terrorists may have obtained a Chinese -produced ZM-87 laser blinder which is specifically designed to blind eyesight. The Japanese terrorist cult Aum Shinrikyo -- which launched the infamous Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway system in 1995--was discovered to have experimented with the use of lasers as weapons .According to The Asian Pacific Post , " Cult members apparently obtained laser design information from Russian institutes they visited and built a laser weapon mounted on a truck . They had planned to use the laser against Tokyo policemen , but the plan failed when the laser malfunctioned during the testing stage." PoliticAlex also has some info on this story also.
I found the following report that was presented to Congress recently about the shoulder launched missle threat to airliners , which this might very well be a precursor to: Recent events have focused attention on the threat that terrorists with shoulder fired surface-to-air missiles ( SAMs ), referred to as Man-Portable Air Defense Systems ( MANPADS ), pose to commercial airliners . Most believe that no single solution exists to effectively mitigate this threat. Instead, a menu of options may be considered, including installing infrared (IR) countermeasures on aircraft ; modifying flight operations and air traffic control procedures; improving airport and regional security; and strengthening missile non-proliferation efforts. Equipping aircraft with missile countermeasure systems can protect the aircraft even when operating in areas where ground-based security measures are unavailable or infeasible to implement. However, this option has a relatively high cost, between $1 million and $3 million per aircraft , and the time needed for implementation does not allow for immediate response to the existing terrorist threat. Procedural improvements such as specific flight crew training, altering air traffic procedures to minimize exposure to the threat, and improved security near airports may be less costly than countermeasures and could more immediately help deter domestic terrorist attacks. However, these techniques by themselves cannot completely mitigate the risk of domestic attacks and would not protect U.S . airliners flying to and from foreign airports .
Legislation introduced in the 108th Congress (H.R. 580, S. 311) calls for the installation of missile defense systems in all turbojet aircraft used in scheduled air carrier service. While this legislation is still under consideration, Homeland Security appropriations designated $60 million in FY2004 and $61 million in FY2005 to fund a program to develop and test prototype missile countermeasure systems for commercial aircraft based on existing military technology. It is anticipated that at the conclusion of this program, in January 2006, the Department of Homeland Security will be able to provide a detailed analysis of the suitability of such systems for use to protect commercial passenger aircraft .
Socially responsible investing. Corporate social responsibility. Just saying these words seems to elicit some fairly simplistic knee-jerk reactions. The reaction that I find most amusing is the knowing look of sympathy. You know, the one that says "Poor naive soul . If only you understood economics, you would understand the folly of your ways." I do not intend to get into the stakeholder vs stockholder debate here or argue the relative merits of Atlas Shrugged . Those discussions, though interesting, avoid a simpler question. Do measures of corporate social responsibility contain valuable added information that help investors pick winning investments?
If all that you have read about this topic is an article in Business Week or The Wall Street Journal , you 've probably heard the standard answer-- the evidence is mixed. That is true but not very revealing wouldn't you say? Evidence is mixed mostly because (1) there is little agreement about how to measure social responsibility and (2) many current measures toss together a heap of information that has no business being lumped together. Social responsibility often includes everything from treatment of employees to type of product produced. There is not really any reason to believe that selling guns or tobacco has anything to do with forcing employees to work unpaid overtime. Yet both get lumped together in the socially responsible investing discussion.
Once you start to break apart social responsibility into its various components, you start to see the valuable information. Companies that have poor employee relations tend to underperform, as do companies that pollute at a higher rate than their industry peers . On the other hand, companies with numerous NLRB violations don't do worse than their peers and companies that sell your typical "sin" products (tobacco, firearms , gambling) can be excellent investments . Lump all these things together and of course you will get mixed results. Taken separately, they provide valuable information about future firm performance.
I guess it is time to get beyond the image of the greedy capitalist vs. hippie tree hugger in this discussion. Though that would make a great Celebrity Death Match episode.
Here are abstracts from 16 significant studies about socially responsible investing and an interesting essay on the subject.
Saddam Hussein is Losing Grip on Northern Cities in Iraq
Some pictures. Well, Laith Kubba is an Iraqi exile who has family members in Iraq . Mr . Kubba is a senior fellow at a think tank called the National Endowment for Democracy . He is also the president of a group of Iraqi exiles , a group called the Iraq National Group . He joins us now from London to talk about rebuilding his country . Mr . Kubba , first of all, your thoughts as you 've watched these scenes of Baghdad , the Saddam Hussein regime falling in the last day?
It is a huge sigh of relief, because it could have been much worse and Baghdad could have been a war theater with more destruction to property. And, obviously, there are four million people who could have suffered more. So, there is a sigh of relief that it is not worse. But, obviously, there is a great, great concern about the scenes that you 've been showing on television.
Are you talking to family members now in Baghdad and around Iraq ? And, if you are, how concerned are they about the lawlessness?
Well, not in the recent three or four days. There are no phone lines to Baghdad . In other parts of Iraq , I received with great sadness the killing of one close colleague , Saeed Abu Naji Abhuey (ph) in Najaf . He was not killed by former members of the Baath Party or the security of the army , but by just a local organized group . So those signs to me are worrying. People are sensing and feeling the lack of authority or the power vacuum and are testing it. And the more they test, the more I think they are claiming.
How difficult will it be to sort out who will next hold power in Iraq after this transition period, however long it is, where the U.S . is in charge?
Well, one needs to break down this process into various elements. Today, there should be an authority . And it's very likely that the U.S . and the British forces are the authority on land. And there ought to be administration. And this ought to be primarily by Iraqis . But when it comes to government , I think we really need to map out step by step how to move from this power vacuum to the day we have elections. We need to involve the U.N . We need to involve all Iraqi forces in the country , outside the country . But we need to do it quickly, because every day passes by with this vacuum, it's going to spell trouble.
Well, we know, Mr . Kubba , there are several Iraqi exiles groups competing for influence. Is one of them going to have an advantage? And, particularly, I have in mind the Iraqi National Congress that Mr . Chalabi , who was assisted by U.S . forces in getting back into Iraq ?
I think it's one thing to gain fame and access to Washington . It's totally another to gain legitimacy and functioning grounds inside Iraq . And I think plans must not be drawn in thin air out in Washington . It must really be drawn on the ground inside Iraq . And there are 22 million people there . It 's not a void. It 's not a vacuum. And I think all plans must be anchored there in Iraq in its reality.
So does one group have an advantage over another now?
There are different groups who have advantage over others in different parts of the country . Unfortunately, we do not have a national group that can appeal to Iraqis as Iraqis within a credible voice.This needs to be constructed, maybe through a conference to be held in Baghdad , where representatives from provinces all over Iraq need to participate, as well as political groups . But we do not have a single group , a single leadership or a single council yet.
We 're talking with Laith Kubba , who is the president of a group of Iraqi exiles . The group is called the Iraq National Group . Mr . Kubba , we thank you so much for talking to us from London .
Here in Washington , members of the House of Representatives come together to support America 's armed forces . Up next: a live report on that ceremony and the latest efforts to pass a spending bill to pay for the war.
Mars rover is launched on voyage to look for evidence of water
A rocket holding the first of two Mars rovers blasted off Tuesday on a seven-month voyage to the red planet where the golf-cart -sized vehicles will search for evidence that there was once enough water to support life on Mars .
The rover named Spirit lifted off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard a Boeing Delta II rocket at 1:58 p.m. (1758 GMT).
Thunderstorms delayed the launch by two days, and launch officials contended with a last-minute communications glitch between stations that will track the spacecraft .
The second rover , named Opportunity , will be launched later this month, and both are expected to arrive at Mars in January.
Moving on six wheels, the $800 million rovers act as robotic geologists . Each is equipped with a panoramic camera, a camera for close-up views of rocks and a drill to cut into rocks. The data will be transmitted back to Earth .
Previous missions have shown Mars had water in the past, but scientists want to find out how long the water was there and in what quantities. Scientists believe the water may show that Mars once was able to support life.
The rovers ' landing sites , on opposite sides of the planet , were chosen for their likelihood of holding evidence of water. Studying the minerals in rocks can tell scientists how the rocks were formed, whether they were ever submerged in water, and whether hot water ever ran over them.
The rovers are expected to travel up to 132 feet (39.6 meters) each Martian day, which is 24 hours and 39{ minutes long.
The missions are expected to last three months but could run longer. The rovers eventually will shut down as dust builds up on their solar panels and they will remain on the planet .
Only 12 out of 30 previous attempts have reached Mars , and only three out of nine attempts have succeeded in landing on the planet .
NASA revamped its Mars program after the failure of two unmanned missions to Mars four years ago.
The space agency has been under intense scrutiny since February when the space shuttle Columbia disintegrated over Texas , killing all seven crew members . A logo patch of that last Columbia mission was attached to both Mars rovers .	    _	_  _  =
Czech nuclear plant gets permission to produce at full capacity
The troubled nuclear power plant in Temelin received permission from state authorities Monday to start power production at full capacity.
Pavel Pitterman , the spokesman for the State Office for Nuclear Safety , said his office gave the plant permission to run its second, newer 1,000-megawatt unit at full capacity. The plant 's first 1,000-megawatt unit has already operated at full capacity during past tests.
The spokesman for the Temelin plant , Milan Nebesar , said that an 18-month trial production at full capacity at the second unit, needed to declare the unit ready for commercial production, would start Friday.
The plant , based on Russian design and upgraded with U.S . technology, has been plagued by frequent, non-nuclear malfunctions since testing began in November 2000.
Located just 60 kilometers (35 miles) north of the Austrian border , it has been a source of friction between the two countries .
Critics in non-nuclear Austria argue the plant is unsafe and demand that it be shut down, but Czech authorities insist the plant is safe.
The plant 's first unit, currently shut down for planned maintenance scheduled to take two months, has already entered the last stage of tests and should be ready for commercial use at the end of 2003.
at least ten people have been injured and at least five homes have burned in benton harbor since the rioting began. police are still looking for the arsonists . but city officials say several people have been arrested on civil disobedience charges. one person was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon .
cnn has learned osama bin laden sent a private letter to his followers in february, ordering them to attack the u.s . and its allies . a month later, u.s . and pakistani troops zeroed in on bin laden 's location, but he escaped. intelligence sources in asia say the message was taken by couriers from an area along the pakistan / afghanistan border , where bin laden is believed to be hiding. the message was spread to al qaeda members in africa , the middle east and asia .
The Central Jakarta District Court began Wednesday the trial of Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba' asyir who has been in custody since last October on charges of treason and immigration offenses.
Ba'asyir , 64, was arrested on preliminary charges of involvement in a series of church bombings on the eve of the 2000 Christmas and an alleged plot to assassinate  Megawati Soekarnoputri in 1999, when she was vice president .
He is also charged with immigration offenses for having a Malaysian citizenship since 1993.
Seven prosecutors read in turn the indictment against Ba'asyir at the makeshift court room in the Meteorology and Geophysics Agency 's office in Central Jakarta .
The authorities have moved the trial venue for security reasons and to allow wider media coverage.
Ba'asyir was not officially charged with the Bali bombing last October, but police said he gave his blessing to the Bali perpetrators . Police believed Ba'asyir was the spiritual leader of Jemaah Islamiyah , the terrorist network in Southeast Asia which is widely blamed for the Bali bombing.
According to the Criminal Code, treason is punishable with a possible death penalty.
Ba'asyir has publicly denied any wrongdoing and refused to answer police questioning.
As they get ready to head over hostile territory , 10 men aboard this Air Force HC-130 search and rescue and refueling plane start to feel their adrenaline rushing. Who looks out for the unlikely prospect of Iraqi aircraft , and the more likely prospect of Iraqi missiles or artillery . (on camera): Does your mindset change across the border into Iraq ?
No, because I am in an area which I don't know where the enemy could be and I might get to the airplane , by the time I get out of the airplane I 'm thinking the same way.
The hair on the back of my neck starts standing up, then something's going wrong.
As a precaution, the crew starts turning the huge plane in circles to see what the targets do. Ultimately it 's discovered the targets are U.S . combat helicopters . Minutes later the search and rescue helicopter arrives for its refueling. Watch the flash from our night vision camera as the plane 's fuel line connects with the chopper . Both aircraft fly at 125 miles per hour gingerly over enemy land . At times they are only 50 feet apart with the chopper 's rotor blades getting closer. Looking with the naked eye out of the plane , the helicopter is impossible to see. The pitch-black maneuver ends after 10 minutes. (on camera): What stops though - we know the Iraqis have fired sand missiles and fired AAA at aircraft all throughout this war. They haven't hit anybody , but isn't it risky flying so low knowing they have that ammunition to fire at you .
Again, we know where we 're going. We know where they 're at so we simply avoid them and if for some reason they do get off a lucky shot or they do see us , we have defensive systems on board the airplane to defeat their ammunition .
We all fly with bulletproof vests in case the plane goes down. We also fly with parachutes in case we need to get out before the plane goes down. (voice-over): But three airmen aboard this plane have parachutes for a different reason. They are the Pararescue jumpers , or PJs who jump off the plane for rescue missions.
I mean it's probably the most - the best feeling in the world knowing that your purpose is really defined at that moment.
No rescues were necessary on this sortie. The plane arrived back to base safely. (on camera): Do you have any fear?
Everybody has a little bit of fear but I think it's a good thing in this circumstance.
This crew could be back on another mission in as few as 24 hours.
This is a very busy base . We want to give you a look right now at the aircraft coming in for landings. It looks like LAX on a Sunday night and this is what it's been like for the past 11 days. We have just watched multitudes of warplanes land, multitudes of warplanes take off and this may be the busiest night of the campaign. They 're expecting a total at this particular base near the Iraqi border of 300 sorties in a 24-hour period ending today according to the Air Force total from all the bases and there are more than 30 bases in 12 different countries in the Middle East according to the Pentagon . They 're saying there will be 1500 sorties in a 24-hour period ending tomorrow. Eight hundred of those sorties will be strike sorties using bombs and missiles so there is no slow down in the amount of air power being used over Iraq . Wolf , back to you .
That's a lot of bombs and missiles . Gary Tuchman in an air base near the Iraq border , thanks very much, Gary Tuchman . This programming note, tomorrow at noon Eastern I 'll have a special interview with the nation 's top military officer , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . General Richard Myers will be my special guest on a special late addition. That's at noon Eastern, nine A.M. Pacific tomorrow. That's Sunday and I 'll be back Judy and at the top of the hour for Wolf Blitzer Reports. We 'll have a complete wrap of all the day's late breaking developments. In the meantime, back to Judy Woodruff in Washington .
We 'll be watching you both times at the top of the hour and certainly for late edition on Sunday. Thanks Wolf . Well, as coalition forces push north, they are encountering a unique problem of combat, getting rid of the weapons captured from the enemy . Some of the 40,000 British troops are kicking up a lot of dust in the Iraqi desert making sure that nothing is left behind them that could hurt them . Greg Milam is with the U.K . forces in southern Iraq .
Seemingly deserted, these battered buildings hold a deadly threat to British forces in Iraq .
This is what we 're coming across a lot of these , 30 mil , 60 mil , 80 mil , even 120 mil . So there's plenty still out there that will have to be recovered because they can be used.
Do you know when this place was last used? I mean do you know (UNINTELLIGIBLE)
I 'm not too sure but judging by some of this , it 's been here quite a long time so whether it 's been used recently by them - there was an Intel upbeat saying that they were possibly coming back to try and get this to use against them .
Grenades , mortars , all sorts of ammunition abandoned by Iraqi soldiers but there for the taking. The job of these Royal Engineers is to clear this and many other mountains of armaments and destroy them . Some are too unstable to be moved and have to be blown up on the spot. The rest is carried way out into the desert . And today's parts in this conflict, this kind of work becomes more and more important. With the coalition forces moving forward the last thing they want is weaponry like this lurking behind them .
With the amounts of ammunition and weapons left about, if they 'd used those systems, that amount of weapon it would have given us a considerable amount of trouble trying to take the positions.
With much of this weaponry there is only one safe thing to do. No one in the British forces here is willing to take any risks. Greg Milam , Sky News , Southern Iraq .
I 'm reading ESPN this morning when I stumbled across the story where Kobe Bryant said he 'd like to sit down with Shaq and apologize to him for "involving him in my troubles." Bryant also says that he thinks December 25th "sounds like a good day to me to kind of talk to him and tell him I never meant in any kind of way to bring any of his personal business out."
You see, after Kobe 's world fell apart because he couldn't resist banging the crazy white towel clerk at his hotel , he needed an out. He bought his wife a four million dollar ring and got some tattoos that said how much he loved her , but he needed to do more to attract attention away from himself .
So he told the media that he should have done what Shaq always did, just pay the women to shut up. Kobe also alleged that O'neal had paid upwards of one million dollars in this way as hush money over the years.
Shaq has denied it from the beginning, but that's not really the point.
It's no secret that a large number of the NBA 's " stars " are not exactly star-worthy. Good players or not, guys like Kemp and Bryant and Iverson and the entire Blazers team are just not very nice or good people . If the league will tolerate it, what do I care?
But the real issue is this. Kobe 's Lakers will play Shaq 's Miami Heat on...that's right...December 25th.
So the real motivation for Kobe here is not to mend fences or admit he was wrong to involve any other person in his own little pit of woe. It is to find some sort of way to keep the 340-pound Shaquille and his teammates from beating the ever-loving shit out of Kobe for 48 pain-filled minutes on Christmas Day.
I can't tell you the number of ways that Kobe Bryant makes me sick. Despite his slick talk and his nice diction, he 's nothing but a cheater and a liar and a punk . I hardly watch any NBA games because the league and most of it 's players sicken me , but I 've had December 25th circled on my calendar since the day after Shaq signed with the Heat .
That's the day that Shaq will take a million dollars or more out of Kobe 's punk-ass .
With no web presence, publications like the Richmond Free Press are rarely acknowledged in the blogosphere. The RFP serves the African-American community in the City of Richmond .
In the latest edition, staff writer Jeremy M. Lazarus reports that the Legislative Black Caucus celebrated killing a bill that would have merged the Department of Minority Business Enterprise (DMBE) with the Department of Business Assistance (DBA). Del . Dwight Jones ( D - Richmond ), chair of the caucus , said killing the bill had been their "main objective" in an effort to, according to Lazarus , "promote economic justice for black businesses ."
I believe any neutral management consultant worth his or her salt would recommend a merger of the two organizations . There is considerable duplication of effort and DBA is strong in one area--financial controls--where DMBE has consistently had problems. There would be service benefits to business clients , too. Nonetheless, the symbolism of having their "own" agency and support from Governor Warner for maintaining DMBE 's "independence" apparently overcame any efficiency and service argument.
Another article, this one by staff writer Skeeter Faulk , describes Sen . George Allen 's commitment to naming the new Federal courthouse in downtown Richmond for Spottswood W. Robinson III , a noted NAACP lawyer and federal judge . Robinson worked with Thurgood Marshall on Brown v. Board of Education . Faulk finds the nomination a "surprise" in light of Allen 's past, when he "embraced and glorified the Confederate flag and its sympathizers ." Faulk chalks the naming up to Allen 's presidential ambitions.
It's tough to be a Republican when it comes to the African-American community . Do nothing and you confirm their worst suspicions; do something and it arouses a different kind of suspicion.
Will , I share your frustration at the reaction to Allen 's nod to Spottswood Robins . Among some segments of the African-American community , it is indeed a matter of damned-if- you -do, damned-if- you -don't. But you could say the same thing of the Democratic Party as a whole .
I think it's important to recognize that African Americans , though still overwhelmingly Democratic, comprise less of a monolith than they did 20-30 years ago. I find myself continually amazed at how open-minded many young African-Americans are. And I think that open-mindedness goes a long way to explain the desperate efforts of many (not all , but many) within the Democratic Party to circle the wagons with the cry of "racism, racism, racism" when the evidence of racism is increasingly a stretch. It's like how, after the Civil War, Republicans "waved the bloody shirt", associating the Democratic Party with the secession and, ultimately, the war itself. Eventually, that tactic lost its power. And so, too, will the cries of racism, racism.
More importantly, the lack of disclosure is frightening. Media General / Times Dispatch , Richmond.com , and the Richmond Free Press all have significant ties to the VPAF 's proposed Virginia Performing Arts Center , yet we do not see anything resembling balanced coverage of the controversy and debate surrounding this issue.
the story of a woman in an east texas jail cell tonight. we 're told sometimes she sits in the fetal position, other times singing gospel music. occasionally she 'll pray, sometimes cries hysterically. her name is deanna lejeune laney . she 's accused of beating two of her three children to death because, she says, god told her to. now that happened this saturday. today the wheels of justice began turning. katherine garcia of wfaa joins from us the smith county courthouse in tyler , texas .
We will be back later on the war in Iraq . But first, we want to go somewhere else in the region to tell you that dozens were injured today in the first suicide bombing in Israel in three weeks. CNN 's Kelly Wallace reports on today's attack in Netanya .
It had been very quiet inside Israel since the start of the U.s.-l ed war against Iraq . Many Israelis were fearing that quiet would come to an end. And it did on this day. Police say a suicide bomber blew himself up outside this cafe , called The London Cafe, earlier Sunday afternoon. We can show you some pictures from earlier Sunday. People here tell us the cafe was filled with people enjoying the spring weather. Many here though say they are relieved only one person dead, the suicide bomber . Dozens , though, injured, including some Israeli soldiers , because according to an eyewitness , he said many soldiers were here also enjoying the spring weather.
Then it was big bomb . And many soldier . Two soldiers were down here . Many blood. Many people skip from here . Big paranoia.
There had been many terrorist attacks here in Netanya , including the deadliest suicide bombing ever in Israel almost exactly a year ago, March 27, at the Park Hotel during Passover, 29 people killed in that attack. As for this attack, the Palestinian militant group Islamic Jihad is claiming responsibility. According to a leaflet from the group obtained by CNN , the group says the attack was to show the union of Palestinians with the people of Iraq . The group is also claiming that Islamic Jihad militants are already inside Iraq to carry out attacks against U.S . and British forces . Israel has been on a heightened state of alert since the start of the U.S.-l ed war against Iraq . And now many Israelis fear they could see more attacks like the one they saw here today as the military campaign against Saddam Hussein continues. I 'm Kelly Wallace , CNN , reporting from Netanyahu , Israel .
A baseball legend rallies the troops . Up next, pitching great Roger Clemens talks about his experiences meeting U.S . service members in Afghanistan and the Persian Gulf .
We 've been hearing about the situation in northern and southern Iraq . Now to central Iraq , where coalition forces say they are now in charge. And they are coming across some major munitions finds. The caches were apparently abandoned by retreating Iraqi forces . One such cache turned up in the city of Karbala , a strategic military point about 60 miles to the south of Baghdad . CNN 's Ryan Chilcote is embedded with the 101st Airborne Division , and he has the story.
Roger. Well, this is about the third cache we 've found today. We 've been finding them nonstop, and it's a really tedious affair. I 've got an assortment of weapons right here, ranging from AK-47s , to over here, behind them , you 'll see mortar sights, 60-millimeter and 81. Off on the far left, you 'll see a second-generation starscope, kind of outdated, but still works. If you keep shifting over, you 'll see stabilizer fins for mortar rounds . On the back here, you 'll see both 60- and 82-millimeter mortars .
Well, they 're very well equipped. Definitely put up a fight. Rocket-propelled grenades . Been finding a lot of these lately. These could take out a Jeep or a Humvee in a heartbeat.
Now, is this a -- you said you 'd seen a lot of weapons caches recently found.
No, I 'd say this is about a medium cache . What...
It looks like a lot of weapons , but it 's really not. This -- technically, this would probably would outfit a platoon , a platoon of (UNINTELLIGIBLE).
Keep going on. This is a little bit more advanced, these are 25-millimeter shells , and each one of those silver boxes you see behind them hold 50 of these shells . That's a little bit above us . That's actually going into mechanized and armor.
All right. And you were talking about the makers , where some of these weapons are coming from, and you were expressing surprise to me .
Roger. A majority of these are coming from -- (UNINTELLIGIBLE) on this box, but Jordan and France . We have a very scattered, limited, and Russian equipment , but like I said, France and Jordan are the main suppliers right here .
Now for your guys , this is dangerous work, finding...
It's -- yes, it's extremely dangerous, because once you enter these buildings , we found, actually, enemy , you know, guarding these sites . Don't know if they 're going to be booby trapped. Don't know what -- what's going to be there. So it's very tedious, it's -- got to be careful about it.
Well, we 've heard a whole lot about Iraq 's use of human shields in defending key sites . Coalition fighters , though, use a different kind of shield. In a CNN exclusive, CNN 's Kyra Phillips offers us a ride-along over the city of Baghdad with some airborne bodyguards .
We won't consider the mission a success unless the Marines are happy with the product.
They are coalition bodyguards over Baghdad , an airborne shield to U.S . Marines .
Let them know what's coming. Let them know if anything is coming back behind them on their franks to close off the supply lines.
You 're now airborne over Iraq with Commander Steve Kroto 's (ph) Gray Knights , the Navy 's P-3 eyes in the sky.
Any kind of forces that look like they may be threatening the Marines , you know, we want to let them know. And we have the capability to send pictures or actual video, and then they can make (UNINTELLIGIBLE) if they want to maybe avoid that area or go ahead and go out and engage those folks .
Dodging missiles and triple-A fire is something new to this squadron . However, protecting forces on the ground isn't. (on camera): These men are about three hours into their mission, and the sun is starting to set. They 've just come across one of the Marine convoys that they need to track, so they 're watching every move that the Marines make as they move towards Baghdad , making sure they don't come across any type of threat.
Also on this mission, Marine Colonel Jim Lukeman (ph) and Sergeant Emilio Hernandez . They are tracking and talking to their fellow Marines on the ground...
I 'm looking for enemy positions out to the front. We 'll look at the routes ahead of where our guys are going to go and try to see what enemy is there.
Lukeman is warning his troops about a bridge ahead. He doesn't like what he sees. The Gray Knights fly closer and grab a clearer picture.
There's some vehicular traffic, so that we know the bridge is still intact. They may be Iraqi military . So now that the Marine division on the ground has that information, they 'll take that action -- they 'll take action tactically on it.
These flights can last up to 15 hours, but it's the minutes of realtime intelligence that completes the mission.
When you 're on the ground fighting, every piece of information you 've got about what you 're coming up against is golden.
Commander Steve Kroto brings his crew home after locating enemy positions and surface-to-surface missiles .
It keeps the Marines safe. And one more safe Marine is one more Marine that can continue on north to Baghdad .
Coming up, we are going to go live to Fort Bliss , where the name of that base is a far cry from the mood there today, after confirmation that more of their own were killed on the battlefield.
6:03 a.m. eastern time, seven americans who had been prisoners of war in iraq make a public appearance at the medical center in germany . they say they 're looking forward to going home , which relatives of one former p.o.w . say could happen as soon as tomorrow. officials at the hospital say the sev reason in good shape and their prognosis is excellent, even though three have gunshot wounds. 6:21 eastern time,
2:21 p.m. in iraq , iraqi protesters demonstrate outside a baghdad mosque , opposing what they call the u.s . occupation, and saying any new iraqi government must represent the people . 6:33 a.m., cnn 's jane arraf report from kirkuk that local authorities and u.s . investigators are still mystified by a graveyard on a military base abandoned by the old iraqi regime . there are hundreds of unmarked graves, apparently dating back to the 1991 gulf war, or before. but it's not clear whether the people buried there are victims of regime atrocities, or whether it 's simply a military graveyard . 7:05 a.m., u.s . central command says another top baath party official has been captured. he was handed over to coalition special forces by iraqi kurds last night.
8:10 a.m., abu dhabi tv broadcasts videotape which it says shows saddam hussein in a baghdad neighborhood last wednesday, april 9th, the day the city fell to coalition troops . the network has not said where it got the tape. there's no way to confirm when it was shot or whether the man in the video is really saddam hussein .
Two Americans who gave their lives to Operation Iraqi Freedom were buried at Arlington National Cemetery today. Marine Lance Corporal Patrick Nixon was one of 17 killed in an ambush near Nasiriyah on March 23. He was 21 years old and the first Tennessean to die in the war. And Idaho Air National Guardsman Major Gregory Stone was buried with honors at Arlington . He died of injuries from a grenade attack by a fellow soldier . And that is it for this special edition of INSIDE POLITICS. I 'm Judy Woodruff . We thank you for joining us .
U.S. troops push toward Baghdad's southern outskirts; capital plunged into darkness after explosions
U.S . soldiers moved to capture Baghdad 's Saddam International Airport early Friday and fought running battles with Iraqi defenders along the city 's southern fringes . ``A vise is closing on the regime ,'' U.S . President George W. Bush said.
Some frontline units went on heightened alert against the threat of chemical weapons , ordered to wear rubber boots and suits despite temperatures that soared into the 90s.
There was fierce fighting in Kut , to the south of Baghdad , where desperate Iraqis armed with rifles charged tanks in a suicide raid. `` We mowed down'' the attackers , said Lt. Col . B.P. McCoy .
Despite declarations that more tough fighting lies ahead, the top U.S . military official indicated there may not be an all-out battle for Baghdad . Gen . Richard Myers , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , suggested isolating members of the old regime in the capital 
_  cut off from the rest of the country  _  while an ``interim administration '' is put in place to begin work on a postwar government .
A meeting to organize an interim government could be held in Iraq within a week, a senior Pentagon official said Thursday night.
For the first time in the war, large parts of Baghdad lost electricity. The cause was not known. Myers told reporters at a Pentagon briefing that Americans had not targeted the power grid.
Tracer rounds lit the night sky and artillery boomed near the airport a few kilometers (miles) from the heart of President Saddam Hussein 's capital of 5 million people .
At one stage, it appeared that U.S . forces had taken control of the airport , ``and then it got more confusing with continued fighting, Myers said Thursday night. Capture of the airport would give American and British troops a facility for airlifting equipment and troops to Baghdad .
Along the city 's southern edge , U.S . tanks and Bradley vehicles destroyed at least seven Iraqi armored personnel carriers and more than 15 Iraqi tanks in fighting that went on for more than four hours.
Two weeks into the war, American commanders reported a string of successes  _  on the battlefield and within an Iraqi population initially reluctant about embracing invading troops . Kurdish fighters in the north chipped in, when a top leader suggested they may agree not to seek control of the northern city of Kirkuk .
There were battlefield setbacks, as well. Two Marines were killed and one injured in the close-quarters fighting in Kut . And an Army soldier investigating a destroyed tank in central Iraq was killed by friendly fire when he was mistaken for an Iraqi , the military said.
U.S . defense officials also were investigating whether a Navy Hornet jet that crashed Wednesday was shot down by a U.S . Patriot missile . The Navy was searching for the pilot Thursday.
The overall toll of American troops dead passed 50 , and Bush visited a Marine camp , which has lost 13  _  more than any other installation . `` He 's in heaven ,'' the commander in chief told the family of one fallen Marine in a private moment.
To the cheers of thousands earlier in a speech, he vowed victory, and said, ``A vise is closing on the regime .''
Iraqi officials issued the latest in a series of exhortations in Saddam 's name. ``Fight them with your hands. God will disgrace them ,'' they said, referring to invading American and British troops .
But the daily urgings seemed increasingly at odds with the military situation across the country , and Myers said Saddam had lost control of 45 percent of Iraq 's territory .
As conventional units fought their way to the outskirts of the capital , officials said special forces had raided the Tharthar presidential palace near Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown . Documents were seized at the site north of Baghdad , said Brig. Gen . Vincent Brooks at U.S. Central Command in the Persian Gulf , but no ranking members of the regime were found.
``That's all right, he added, ``there's other operations ongoing.''
To the far north, U.S . special forces and Kurdish militiamen captured the town of Bardarash and a nearby bridge , one of few routes into the city of Mosul near government -held oil fields . Iraqis had held the town for 13 years.
In the country 's southern region , British forces penetrated closer to the center of Basra , and warplanes dropped 500-pound (225-kilogram) and 1,000-pound (450-kilogram) laser-guided bombs on an Iraqi intelligence complex . Die-hard defenders have held out for days inside the city of 1.3 million .
American officials cited continuing examples of Iraqis cooperating with invading troops . In Najaf , they said a prominent cleric under house arrest by the Iraqi government had urged the population not to interfere with the operations of American or British forces .
A small group of Iraqi defenders has been holding out inside the city in a mosque , considered a Shiite holy site , and local clerics said one religious leader had recently arrived in hopes of arranging for their safe passage out of the shrine .
Ground forces closed in on Baghdad from separate southern approaches, the Army from the southeast and Marines from the southwest, in advances begun Tuesday night.
American and British helicopters and planes bombed positions in Kut , and Marines and Iraqis lobbed grenades at close quarters.
Between 10 and 15 Iraqis armed only with rifles charged Marine tanks in the suicide charge. Two U.S . Marines died in the fighting  _  and a medic who tried to save one of them sorrowfully buried his resuscitation equipment on the spot.
Army forces rolled past dozens of dead Iraqi soldiers and bombed-out hulks of Iraqi military equipment as they made their way toward Baghdad from the area around Karbala . Many more Iraqi soldiers surrendered to the overwhelming force of the Americans , and were shuttled to the rear.
At the same time they worried about chemical weapons attacks, Brooks disclosed that a special operations force in the southwestern desert had found a number of bottles ``marked in strange ways.'' He said an investigation was under way.
Gotta hate the French , I really don't think there is anything good you can say about the French anymore, they are a waste and a joke of a government.
Apparently Bush wants the European's to classify Hezbollah as a terrorist group . Makes sense right?
As rising instability in Lebanon increases tensions in the Middle East , the Bush administration is arguing with European governments over whether they should designate the Lebanon -based Shiite group Hezbollah a terrorist organization , American and European officials say.
The United States is already stepping up pressure on Iran and Syria , Hezbollah 's main sponsors . The American rift with Syria deepened this week, with suspicions that Syria might have been behind the assassination of Lebanon 's former prime minister in Beirut on Monday.
In the past two weeks, the officials said, France has rebuffed appeals by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the Israeli foreign minister , Silvan Shalom , to list Hezbollah as a terrorist organization , which would prevent it from raising money in Europe through charity groups . The United States has long called Hezbollah a terrorist organization , but the French , American and European officials said, have opposed doing so, and argue that making such a designation now would be unwise, given the new turbulence in Lebanon . Israeli and American officials say that the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , has told them that he , too, regards Hezbollah as a destructive force in the Middle East , one determined to undermine peace talks by supporting militant groups that attack Israelis . Gotta love that. The Palestinian president admits that Hezbollah are a bunch of f-wad terrorists but the French don't agree....No joke.
The Europeans are not solidly opposed to listing Hezbollah as a terrorist group , the officials said. The Netherlands , Italy and Poland support the Bush administration 's view, several officials said, while Germany and Britain believe the issue is moot unless the French change their minds. One European diplomat said other countries were "hiding behind" France on the issue.
A European diplomat said the issue of calling Hezbollah a terrorist organization was discussed in Brussels on Wednesday at a meeting of the Clearing House , a unit of the European Union that meets in confidential sessions to review terrorist activities in Europe . The group could reach no consensus, the diplomat said. "Nothing is going to change on Hezbollah because we don't have an agreement among the member states ," the diplomat said. "That doesn't mean we won't get a consensus. I know the Americans are impatient, but the European Union has 25 states , and these things take time." Some of those interviewed tried to make it sound as if the reason they are hesitant to go along with Bush is because of the situation in Lebanon . But as The Captain points out, it probably has more to do with Iran :
I suspect the true reason for the reluctance comes not from the "delicate" nature of Lebanese politics, but from the relationship between Hezbollah and the Iranians . The EU has tried for the past two years to appease the Iranian mullahs into giving up their nuclear- weapons ambitions to little avail. They don't want to rock the boat now by attempting to starve out the mullahs ' terror agent that conducts the proxy attacks against Israel that Iran cannot afford to do itself openly. They did not learn from Hitler 's Germany I guess, they tried to appease that guy too.
This whole thing just reminds me how corrupt and useless France is. They will forever be known as that corrupt and cowards in my opinion.
Read From On High , Dhimmi Watch , Cranky Neocon , and My View Of The World for more.
Russia accepts World Bank loan to combat AIDS, tuberculosis
Russia has accepted a US$150 million World Bank loan to combat the spread of AIDS and tuberculosis, ending a negotiating process that lasted four years, World Bank officials said Friday.
The World Bank first offered the loan in 1999, but disagreements over treatment kept the project on hold. Russia objected to World Bank rules that required monitoring of patients receiving medication, the World Bank said.
But after drawn-out talks, President Vladimir Putin signed off on the loan, which will take effect this year, the World Bank said.
`` Russia has one of the fastest growing AIDS epidemics in the world '' and has a ``fearsome'' problem with tuberculosis, particularly drug-resistant strains, said Olesoji Adeyi , a World Bank health specialist .
``It's a potential dual epidemic,'' he said, adding that people with immune systems weakened by the AIDS virus are especially vulnerable to contracting TB, which he called an ``opportunistic disease.''
AIDS came relatively late to Russia , but spread rapidly, primarily due to intravenous drug abuse and a lack of prevention programs. Officials have registered more than 230,000 cases of HIV, though health experts say the actual number of HIV infections tops 1 million.
Tuberculosis, meanwhile, has also emerged as a serious problem, particularly in Russia 's overcrowded prisons .
president bush is pushing congress to pass his $15 billion worldwide program for fighting aids. at a white house gathering of aids activists and lawmakers from around the world , the president said hir plan could prevent 7 million new hiv infections -- and treat at least 2 million people over the next decade.
martha stewart isn't the only corporate figurehead in the news today. the jury has handed down a $30 million, a grand rapids jury saying taco bell has to pay the true creators of the chihuahua mass cot. two men claimed their idea originated, and proved i am in the wrong business . taco ball is appealing. joins me is tom rinks with his attorney john doza . tom , you 've got to be happy with the settlement. i know they 're going to appeal, but first et tell my how you calm up with the chihuahua character?
joe and myself , he 's the partner , we were looking to design some licenses to put on some t-shirts, and at the time big dogs were big, and all the mean dogs, and no fear was a big hit, and we thought it was time for a bit of a change for the 18-24 crowd . so we actually took the opposite of all that, and looked for the smallers, weakest, most timid animal, and tried to make him cool, tried to make him big. and we knew if he gave him some spunk, everybody would root for him.
they actually came to us at a licensing show. we had been licensing to a bunch of different manufacturers , and in 1996 we were at a show in new york city where nick loada and universal studios , and taco bell walked up to us and said they were looking for a mass cot for their brand and this would be perfect. that started a year relationship we had with them .
and it went on for a year, and you thought it didn't pan out and then you pick up a trade paper and read they 're going ahead with it?
after we finalized all the commercials, and actually done the campaign for them , they hired a new ad agency , and telephone calls just started staggering off. then they stopped coming, and we ahead imp the ads, and they were exactly what we had presented for over a year.
when you first heard that, or read that, did you just go ballistic? i mean, no offense, but it was you and one other guy who created this thing. they 're a huge, huge corporation .
yeah, it was devastating, to say the least, but we really didn't know
Yesterday's bad day for Krispy Kreme included some speculation that the new securities lawsuit filed against the company would be granted class action status. If you are interested in getting information about securities class actions for a company , you should check out the Stanford Law School 's Securities Class Action Clearinghouse . This site has a very easy to use search function and it might be worth the time to run a quick check on companies of interest to you as possible investments.
Researchers affiliated with the clearinghouse just released an interesting report about securities class action trends during 2004. The results highlight trends in types of filings (increase in product market related filings), affected sectors (big increase in energy &amp; technology sector ), and overall number of filings (fairly steady).
Get the full report here or the press release here .
stocks sold off on wall street today, ending a two-session rally. one catalyst rose to the highest level in more then a year. the dow jones industrial average down 75.62. the nasdaq lost almost nine. the s&amp;p 500 down almost eight. the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud. the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron 's collapse. seven enron executives have also been charged. 507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy. the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research. sources tell us a final deal will be announced monday in washington . regulators and research firms promise that the $1.5 billion settlement would be finalized two months ago. no settlement in the dixie chicks dispute. the singers fighting back now about the criticism of their remarks against president bush . and the material girl , she 's fighting her own past. criticizing americans for values she once espoused. bill tucker has the story.
None allowed in Pakistan for nefarious designs: minister
" No one would be allowed to live in Pakistan illegally and use its land for achieving their nefarious designs," Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed said on Friday.
Rashid Ahmed made the remarks when his attention was drawn to the recent visit by Afghan President Hamid Karzai , according to the Associated Press of Pakistan .
Rashid said that Pakistan has very good relations with the brotherly country of Afghanistan .
When asked to comment on the trans-national gas pipeline projects, he said, four countries including Qatar , Turkmenistan and Iran are deliberating upon the projects which will go a long way in strengthening the economies of the participating countries .
Earlier on Thursday, President Pervez Musharraf said Pakistan wants peace and stability in Afghanistan as it would be in " our interest."
Pakistan , he said, would benefit immensely from stability in Afghanistan as its trade with Central Asian countries will take place through it .
Referring to al-Qaeda , Musharraf said that no non-Pakistani would be allowed to live in Pakistan without proper documents.
" We have to see if their cause is Islamic or in Pakistan 's interest -- they have their own political agenda -- they should not harm Pakistan 's interests."
Interview With Donald Rumsfeld; Lugar, Dodd Talk About Post-War Iraq; 
President Bush aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln on Thursday, formally declaring the successful accomplishment of the military mission in Iraq . Welcome back to LATE EDITION. Joining us now are two key members of the United States Senate Foreign Relations Committee . In his home state of Indiana , the committee 's chairman , Republican Senator Richard Lugar . And here in Washington , Democratic Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut . Senators , welcome back to LATE EDITION. Mr . Chairman , let me begin with you . Are you among those who are beginning to conclude that, when all the dust settles, the U.S . may not find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq ?
No, I concur with Secretary Powell , Secretary Rumsfeld , the president , that weapons of mass destruction are there , and likewise, that we will be led to them by people knowledgeable in the country as to where they are. What form we may find them and what traces of destruction and all the rest of it will be very interesting and, likewise, the intellectual capital that is there to produce more . Because not much else is -- you don't need much to get it going again. And that, I think, we have to be working with these people who are in the business to make sure they don't re-enter the business, much as we did with Russian scientists under the Nunn - Lugar program.
What about you , Senator Dodd , do you believe, in the end, they will find weapons of mass destruction?
I have no evidence to the contrary. And certainly, they have used them in the past. There's no doubt about that at all, both in Iran and against the Kurdish population . So, whether or not they find them in the exact form that many would assume they would be the case -- possibly some got out of the country . It wouldn't surprise me to hear that. But I 'm going to work on the assumption, based on the intelligence that has been gathered, that the weapons of mass destruction existed.
Well, you know, they 've used it in the past, and I think the point that Senator Lugar just made -- certainly having the intellectual capacity to do this was proven already by the fact they 've used them in the past. So, I wouldn't dwell on that point specifically, because Saddam Hussein clearly was a producer and a user of biological and chemical weapons . He clearly was on the track to acquire a nuclear capacity, and the world is a safer place today because he 's not ruling Iraq .
Will the U.S . lose creditability, Mr . Chairman , if, if the U.S . finds no hard evidence, no so-called smoking gun?
No, we have full credibility in Iraq . We 've prosecuted with the alliance a successful liberation of the Iraqi people , and we have clearly caused Saddam to destroy weapons of mass destruction, or at least to suppress evidence of them . That is a victory of sorts.This is a facet that's important. It's important in the war against terrorism that we rout out whatever is there and, likewise, the people involved, because they might help supply al Qaeda or other terrorists along the trail.
Senator Dodd , how important is it for the U.S . to conclusively learn what happened to Saddam Hussein ?
Well, it's important. But I don't think it's as important as finding Osama bin Laden , for the simple reason that I don't think Saddam Hussein today poses any threat, wherever he is. If he is alive, obviously, he doesn't pose the kind of threat that an Osama bin Laden does with his cellular network around the world to reactivate al Qaeda and international terrorism. So, it would certainly be good to know where he is. It would be, certainly, to know, to apprehend him , to bring him before a court of justice. But I don't think it's absolutely critical for the ultimate success of this mission that we apprehend him or find out what happened to him .
And you agree with that assessment, Mr . Chairman ?
Remember how you stress every year to get those #%^^$%# tax forms filed on time? Just imagine how Nortel feels. Early on Tuesday Nortel will be filing its 2003 financial statements . It also expects to restate 2001 and 2002 earnings. None of this is really new information. So the worst is behind them right? Maybe. Late filing of audited financial statements and earning restatements both factor into my External Reporting organizational indicator. As a rule, I am wary of companies that do either of these things until I am confident that they have changed their standard business practices. It may take a couple years, and several more financial filings (on time of course), before I am persuaded to take a second look at the company . The bottom line is that I rely on SEC filings to assess companies and I don't want to have any doubt about the veracity of the information contained in these documents.
In Nortel 's defense, they have just gone through the perfect storm in the telecommunications equipment sector . The whole industry overbuilt and got blindsided by the tech downturn. This could be described as a growth industry that went on a bender and is now trying to recover from the hangover. I 've always felt that you learn a lot about someone when you see how they try to recover from a hangover (pause for brief college flashback). This is a great time to assess organizational effectiveness in the telecommunications equipment industry . Nortel and Lucent attempted to hide the damage (What do you mean? I 'm not drunk!) and hope for an uptick in demand before they would have to come clean. Both companies have been penalized for these actions and have continued to restructure operations, sell assets, and layoff employees . Cisco , on the other hand, was able to take one huge restructuring charge in 2001 and move forward. Their ability to do this and have it work (so far) indicates a very deep and impressive understanding of their organization. Especially when compared to its competitors , Cisco seems to be back in fighting form due to it's ability to rapidly assess its organizational structure and reconfigure to meet the changing market. Not bad for a company with a hangover!
Well, it's mid-morning on the East coast and I am sitting here running numbers thru my head trying to figure out what's going to happen in the Iron Bowl, which is just over 29 hours away.
The game is being played in Tuscaloosa , which should be an advantage to Alabama . However, In the two times the game has been played in Bryant Denny Stadium , Auburn has won.
Alabama has one of the stingiest defenses in the country , and were ranked number one in overall defense as recently as last week. Conversely, Auburn has one of the most potent and balanced offensive attacks in the nation . Also, I don't think Bama has faced an attack with two great runners , a great line , a poised QB and good receivers and a tight end as well.
Bama is missing it's starting offensive backfield from the start of the season. The fact that they 've won six games is a testament to the coaching and heart of the players .
Alabama simply cannot throw the football, which is a good thing, because Auburn 's defensive backfield is second to none. Bama can run the ball however. Unfortunately for them , with no passing game to keep the defense honest, Auburn will probably stack nine in the box, play man on the corners, and dare Bama to run, and I don't think they 'll be able to do it.
Auburn is also 9-0 when they score first. The Tuberville way is to get one quick and early to get your crowd into it if you 're at home and to quiet the other team 's crowd if you 're on the road.
You can never tell what is going to happen in rivalry games. In this exact game 15 years ago, Bama came into Auburn #2 in the country , undefeated at 10-0 and looking for yet another national championship. They were summarily trounced 30-20 in a game in which the score was closer than the actual game. That could very well happen Saturday.
I always tell people that the Georgia game matters more to me than the Bama game. I live in Georgia , and losing that game affects me much more directly than losing the Alabama game. That said, when kickoff time comes, you remember all the reasons that you hate Alabama and their dumbass haircuts and their detergent and toilet paper and their houndstooth hats and their "Bear this" and "Bear that," and everything else that goes along with it. This isn't a football game, and it's not two drunken cousins fighting at a family reunion. This is brother against brother after one slept with the other 's wife and then bragged about it. It's THAT serious.
However, when it's all said and done, I just don't think Alabama has the horses to stand up to what I believe is going to be enormous defensive pressure. If Auburn takes care of the ball and executes, this game shouldn't be as close as some think.
Speaking of major campaign contributors , here's the most interesting story to be culled from the Virginia Public Access Project . The single largest political donor in the second half of 2004 was Sheila C. Johnson , of the Plains , who made five contributions totaling $320,490. ( See CPAP profile .)
What's so special about Sheila Johnson ? Not only is she developing the Salamander Inn &amp; Spa in Fauquier County , and not only is she a major philanthropist , but she was a co-founder of of Black Entertainment Television with her ex- husband Robert L. Johnson . If you haven't figured it out yet, she is an African- American . I know that doesn't fit the dominant, minorities -are-still-disenfranchised narrative of the mainstream media . But the Old Dominion has come a long way, in my humble opinion, when the biggest campaign contributor in the state is African American .
You know we 've come along way when African Americans aren't just winning elected office, as former Gov . Douglas Wilder did, but they 're bankrolling candidates for office-- white candidates for office. Johnson 's donations last year included $287,490 for Domocratic gubernatorial hopeful Tim Kaine .
let' s look now at a potential rising star from the next generation in the sports realm. the national basketball association holds its draft on the 26th of this month. ohio high school player , high school , we said, lebron james , will be the top dog . most likely drafted by the cleveland cavaliers get the first pick because of their status. james already scored back in a $90 million nike deal. $90 million. but when bafblgt ball fans were asked in a cnn /" usa today " poll just how good james will be, 18% say he 'll be among the best . slim margin. most think he 'll be very good. another 18 % are convinced he 'll be just average or below. skeptical fans . as for that $90 million shoe contract with nike , it may be a good deal for james . no doubt about that. 33% of basketball fans see it as a bad deal for nike . they must know something about shoes.
another six executives from enron could be charged with securities fraud and other crimes. federal prosecutors notified the former employees that they could face charges as early as this week. they would join seven other executives already charged abe our enron corporate america score board sets 50 executives now charged in america . seven of them , as i said, at enron . no one , no one is sent to prison . been 511 days since enron filed for bankruptcies.
reports showing a rebound in new york 's manufacturing sector is helping to fuel that optimism today. right now the dow jones industrial average with a triple-digit gain, up 137. the blue chip advance is being led by manufacturers 3m and caterpillar , as well as merck and johnson & johnson . and the nasdaq composite is adding more than 1.5%. meantime, shares of kmart are surging nearly $3. it lost $862 million in the first quarter, but that's much better than the retailer did a year ago when it was under bankruptcy protection. that's the very latest from wall street .
From the Associated Press : City residents will vote next year on a proposed weapons ban that would deny handguns to everyone except law enforcement officers , members of the military and security guards .
If passed next November, residents would have 90 days to give up firearms they keep in their homes or businesses . The proposal was immediately dismissed as illegal by a gun owners group .
Firearms would be allowed only for police officers , security guards , members of the military , and anyone else "actually employed and engaged in protecting and preserving property or life within the scope of his or her employment," according to the measure.
Gun Owners of California , a Sacramento -based lobbying group , quickly called the ban illegal. Sam Paredes , the group 's executive director , said state law bars local governments from usurping the state 's authority to regulate firearms .
"The amazing thing is they are going to turn San Francisco into ground zero for every criminal who wants to profit at their chosen profession," Paredes said.
Washington, D.C ., is the only major American city that currently bans handgun possession by private citizens . Andrew Arulanandam , director of public affairs for the National Rifle Association , said San Francisco would be remiss to use that city as a model .
"If gun control worked, Washington, D.C ., would be the beacon . However, it 's the murder capital of the United States ," he said.
If approved, the weapons ban would take effect in January 2006. Quote of the day: " Firearms would be allowed only for police officers , security guards , members of the military , and anyone else actually employed and engaged in protecting and preserving property or life within the scope of his or her employment."
So preserving property or life within the scope of self-defense and protection of the home is not allowed. No thanks. If the people vote for this measure it will be hard to sympathize with them when robbery and rape rates skyrocket, because burgulars will know homes are not guarded, and rapists will know the only thing stopping them from the victim they desire is their own inhibitions.
a national weeklong terror drill began in seattle and an industrial lot in the city . straun with smashed cars , buses and other debris representing the hypothetical damage from a fan that sized radioactive dirty bomb . the test designed to measure the responsiveness of emergency workers to a terrorist attack. it's been a year and a half since a series of anthrax attacks killed five people . no one has ever been arrested in connection with that case and the fbi is considering draining a maryland pond relating to evidence for those unsolved attacks. kelli arena reports.
reporter: the fbi 's interest in this state park in maryland dates back to last december. officials got a tip back then that someone may have dumped equipment into one of the park 's ponds . officials say they found the tip significant because the pond is about ten miles from fort dietrick where the army experimented with anthrax . agents searched the area at least four times since then. the mayor says the fbi is now considering draining one of the ponds . the police chief dine is in regular contact with the fbi .
there are a number of facets to this investigation. it's very, very significant. after all, it is a murder investigation. multiple murder investigation, so i 'm sure there are a number of avenues that they 're looking into.
reporter: according to government sources , agents in december found a large plastic enclosed container with large openings on the side. officials say there is no evidence connecting anything found in the park to anthrax or the anthrax attacks. nor is there any evidence linking any individual to the deadly anthrax ledders. the fbi has said nothing publicly about anyone it may be investigating, but attorney general john ashcroft did refer publicly to steven hatfield , a former researcher as a person of interest. he 's repeatedly proclaimed his innocence and the spokesman told cnn --
well, the fbi can drain the pacific ocean but they won't find any evidence that he was involved with the attacks because he had nothing to do with the anthrax attacks at all.
reporter: investigators involved this case clearly frustrated. 18 months later, still not one single arrest for those attacks that killed five people and sickened 13 others . lou ?
kelly , where does this investigation on hatfield stand? i mean, we have rather -- i can't think of another case like it. we 've got rather public statements by law enforcement officials saying that he is the suspect that they think he 's the guy athen we have denial and then we have this stuff. it's really -- really extraordinary.
reporter: well, the attorney general has been the only person that has even mentioned steven hatfield 's name publicly and he called him a person of interest. not a suspect . but
five motions are being heard today in the case of lee boyd malvo , the teenage sniper suspect . one for a change of venue. defense attorneys argue that there has been so much pretrial publicity, including an alleged confession from malvo , that this has tainted the jury pool . their more intriguing argument is that one of the charges against malvo is under virginia 's anti-terrorism statute and they argue that every resident of fairfax county is potentially a member of the victim 's class. and therefore, disqualified from serving as a juror . the prosecutor will argue against this motion. he calls it factually pro pos truss. if history is any guide, this motion will have a tough time. no case has been moved out of fairfax county since 1974. there also is a motion to dismiss this case. defense attorneys argue that an individual cannot be charged under federal law and then state law for the same act. prosecutors again will argue against the motion. three other motions as well. one of those for a handwriting expert , the other motions relate to getting background information relating to ballistics testing and dna testing. malvo on trial here in fairfax county for the murder of linda franklin , the fbi analyst who was gunned down in a home depot parking lot . that's just one of the ten sniper shootings here in the greater washington area . today's motions hearing just part of the preliminary skirmishing. the actual trial will be getting under way this fall. jeanne meserve , cnn , fairfax county , virginia .
Interview With Ralph Nader, Donald Palmisano; Interview With 
Welcome back. Both the AMA and the Bush administration released reports this week saying out of control trial lawyers are driving doctors out of their practices all across the country . President Bush points this way today, even the most frivolous of lawsuits cost money, premiums go up and either way, the patient pays. We 're debating malpractice reform with consumer advocate Ralph Nader , and AMA President-Elect Dr . Ronald Palmisano .
Dr . Palmisano , again, thanks for staying with us through the break. Let me set aside the hypocrisy of a man who became president because of a lawsuit trying to eliminate everybody else's lawsuits, but instead focus on his own experience. He was the governor of my state of Texas , where there are a whole lot of doctors . It turns out that he didn't do any kind of a job policing your profession at all when he was the governor of Texas . Here's what the " Dallas Morning News " reported recently: "The Texas State Board of Medical Examiners , the agency that pledges to protect the public has granted second and third chances to surgeons who are thrown out of hospitals because they botched operations. It has forgiven physicians who overlook cancerous tumors, who maimed infants or whose mistakes left women sterilized. It has refused in the last five years to revoke the license of a single doctor for committing medical errors. Thousands more may have been ignored over the last decade." That is the Bush record in policing surgeons , why should we trust him now?
Physicians generally, not just surgeons , forgive me .
Sure. What we need to do is to make sure that state boards , number one, have adequate funding. The AMA supports that. If there are any bad doctors we want them removed from the practice of medicine. But it's also...
Well, it's also unfair to make a judgment without knowing all of the facts of the case. Because someone pays money in a case, the insurance company may pay money because they 're afraid there's is going to be a giant award in this case because of this broken liability system. Troy Brennan (ph) of Harvard said there's no correlation with negligence, only with disability. So let' s look at all of the facts, but give everybody due process here in America before we criticize.
Actually, Troy Brennan , the same doctor at Harvard Public School of Health said the issue is not to fuel lawsuits, it's too many. Less than 10 percent of the victims of medical malpractice, and we 're talking about horrific injuries here, even file a claim. Even file a claim. And the entire pay-out to all of the victims that get a little money, not the 90 percent who never file a claim, amounts to less than what we spend on dog food. On dog food. It's about $5.4 billion is the pay-out. That's a fraction of physician income. It's a fraction of the health care expense of 1.4 trillion.
What we have to do is look at all the facts and have balance here. That's what the people in Congress have to do. They have to make sure that whatever they decide keeps doctors in practice and patients having access to care.
Doctors are leaving practice because of insurance premium, right? Is that right? They don't abandon their patients , except for the high premiums of a few specialties?
Because of the premiums. But first of all let me ...
Why don't you crack down on the insurance companies ?
No. Let' s talk about the facts. Let' s talk about the facts.
(UNINTELLIGIBLE) percent of the doctors are insured by physician -owned insurance companies , the medical side. I was just in Oklahoma , they own this insurance company . They are trying to do their very best. It 's a company not for profit. What happens here is that more money is being paid out than comes in. And as far as the investment income, A.M. Bests (ph) show that in the past five years, the investment income has been stable at around 5 percent. Brown Brothers Harriman said that investments did not precipitate the current crisis.
... payoffs have been stable, adjusted for inflation, National Practitioners Databank (ph). Why do you want that to be secret? All of the information about bad doctors in the National Practitioner bank, you , the AMA wants to keep it secret from other doctors and other patients around the country who want to know whether their doctor is on that list.
Well, let' s look at what the president is actually proposing for people who have been harmed by a bad doctor . Let' s listen to what he said to the AMA today.
If harmed by a doc , they ought to be able to recover their economic costs, economic losses. They should be able to recover non- economic damages as well. But for the sake of the system, non- economic damages should be capped at $250,000.
What in the world is wrong with that? Tell me what's wrong with that?
What's wrong? Tell someone who had a double mastectomy, tell an infant who 's brain-damaged and has no economic loss that for the rest of their lives they 're going to get dribbled out $250,000 for their entire life expectancy? Wait a minute. The head of AIG a few years ago was making $250,000 every week.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money, though. Not for you , but for most people it's a lot of money.
In California - wait, Mr . Nader . In California ...
In California where they have this law, it caps the non-economics, the ones you can't quantify. There are awards in 10 million, 20 million, $30 million in California for economic. So all medicals, all rehabilitation, care services in the home, lost wages...
No, no, no. I 've got to ask Mr . Nader , we are almost out of time. Doug Friedman (ph), who ran Jesse Ventura 's campaign for governor four years ago, says he wants you to run for president again. I know you 're saying it's much too early to run for president. But one simple question, Ralph , will you consider another run for president?
Much too early to consider. I am concerned about Donald Zook (ph), who 's head of a medical malpractice insurance company , a big one in the West , saying that his insurance company executive colleagues should not blame the tort injury system. He said that your problem of jacking up these insurance rates is self-inflicted. Here's an insurance company executive who is saying that.
Well, Mr . Zook is one executive you are quoting. What we need to do is look at all of the people who don't have doctors ...
Hey, let' s get some agreement. Should we get some agreement?
Do you want to really crack down on the bad doctors ?
We want to crack down on the attorneys who file frivolous suits.
Seventy percent of the cases filed are told there's no payment. What kind of peer review is that?
Wait. Wait. Do you want to crack down on the bad doctors ? You 're in AMA .
We definitely want to crack down on bad doctors . But...(CROSSTALK)
The free market actually dictates we have got to sell some commercials here on CNN or we 're all out of...
moving ahead now to a developing story, the hunt for so-called smoking gun, meant to prove that iraq was developing weapons of mass destruction. here's national security correspondent david ensor .
reporter: while u.s . forces still haven't found any weapons of mass destruction, the new cia pentagon report says officials are now confident the mysterious trucks filled with high-tech equipment found in iraq are indeed mobile biological weapons production facilities , just as secretary of state powell predicted and presented the united nations before the war.
it's very important to recognize that programs that we had said existed do exist.
reporter: though no trace of biological toxin was found in the trucks , u.s . intelligence officials say they have largely eliminated any other possible use for the fermenters and other equipment. not everyone is convinced.
they could very well be biological weapons production facilities , but i don't think the intelligence community has made an open and shut case.
reporter: the cia - pentagon reports admits the trucks were not an efficient way to produce biological weapons , but officials argue the point for the iraqis was to produce some and not to be caught doing it.
this was clearly a very inefficient way to produce anthrax . and the question is why did they invest such resources in a mobile
Iraqis Mistakenly Believe Soldiers Have Sights on Sacred Landmark
Thanks very much, Judy . And Colonel Leonhard , we 're going to talk a little bit about urban combat. And I wanted to just start this off by saying a lot of people when they hear about urban combat, they think of that Blackhawk down scenario, Mogadishu and the problems that can go wrong here. This is not probably a comparable situation, is it?
Not in any way. And one of the reasons is because we have armored fighting vehicles there in Baghdad , and we will use them . Those tanks have 120-millimeter smoothbore gun on them . The Bradleys have 25-millimetre chain guns and coaxial machine guns . That's a lot of mobile protective gunfire. Completely different from the Mogadishu situation in which we did not have such vehicles . And we also are not going to use similar tactics there . We are much more likely to use patience and finesse rather than assault tactics.
All right. We want to show you an animation, and share with our viewers , maybe you can point out a few things about this. If we move in on Baghdad , and give you a sense of the kinds of targets that might be encountered in urban combat. What we 've depicted here is something here which shows some armor sort of off the wings here, right over here is a mosque . We depict that to show that's something you obviously want to stay clear as we just saw with the Ryan Chilcote piece from Najaf . As we get a little bit closer here, in a typical scenario like this, you might very well have Republican Guard snipers up on balconies like this , and possibly up on the roofs of buildings and anti-aircraft artillery or artillery encampments like that. What we have presented her is an armored column with air support coming in. How much jeopardy is a column like this in as it goes through these concrete canyons in a city ?
It's a great question. I think the animation is good because it does show that you can hide literally anywhere in a city environment, and that is why movement through an urban area is very, very dangerous. It 's the side that 's moving that 's going to take the casualties. That said, the armored fighting vehicles that you see there they look to me as if they 're moving a little bit faster as than we probably will. We 'll use patience and finesse. We will take the time to locate the enemy , surround the blocks and the buildings that he is in. And then we 'll probably surge fires into their both lethal and nonlethal to make his position untenable, to make him move rather than us moving through the assault zone. At which time we can engage them or arrest them .
We 'd like to resume with that animation if we could. That's Saddam International Airport . That's another segment. Can we get back to the animation. And I 'd like to just finish this out. Here we go. Ad we move it along, you 'll see eventually the troops will come marching in. In this case, slightly off target here because you see them all going in the front door. Typically, when they 'd assault a target like this , they 'd do what?
Well, typically, if they do go in, which is generally the option of last resort, but if we do have to go in, often we 'll try to go in from the top of the building down. One of the reasons is because we use grenades a lot in clearing buildings , and grenades ten to offend downhill rather than uphill. So, you always want them going down staircases rather than having to try to throw them up the staircase .
Interesting, all right. Gravity rules, even in urban combat. Lieutenant Colonel Robert Leonard , we appreciate your insights in urban combat, something that is not something that the U.S . military would prefer to engage in, but it might become inevitable. Thank you very much for your time. We appreciate it -- Judy .
Thank you , Miles and thank you Colonel Leonhard . All of that certainly helps us visualize what might happen. President Bush vows a final push to victory and he mourns the loss of fallen Marines . Up next, a report on the president 's trip to Camp Lejeune , and a look at how the Camp Lejeune community is coping with the challenges of war.
India's bachelor PM, president making country "dry, arid, infertile"
A provincial chief from India 's main opposition Congress party has told an election rally that India is suffering nature's "curse" because both the president and prime minister are bachelors , a report said Saturday.
The Times of India newspaper quoted Digvijay Singh , chief minister of the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh , as saying that Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee and President Abdul Kalam had offended the Hindu rain God Varuna by remaining bachelors .
"The country is being ruled by a bachelor president and an unmarried prime minister . This according to the Hindu shastras (books) is very inauspicious and that is the reason there is a widespread heatwave and drought," said Singh .
"Not just Prime Minister Vajpayee but President Kalam 's bachelor status is making the country dry, arid and infertile," he added.
The general secretary of Vajpayee 's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party , Pramod Mahajan , retorted that Singh 's statement was "beneath contempt."
India 's has been reeling under a heatwave since mid-May which has killed 1,403 people . The country 's western desert state of Rajasthan is also bracing for its fifth straight year of drought.
lawyers in texas are trying to keep their client from becoming the 300th person executed in the state since 1982, when texas resumed capital punishment. they 're asking the supreme court to block tonight's scheduled execution of delma banks . banks was convicted of shooting and killing a 16-year-old at a park in 1980. his lawyers say his trial attorney did a bad job and the prosecutors improperly kept african americans off his jury . he 'd be the 11th killer put to death in texas this year.
israeli prime minister ariel sharon and palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas scheduled to meet today, their second chance now to discuss the bush administration 's road map more mideast peace. both sides will meet with president bush when he arrives in the mideast next week. our jerusalem bureau chief mike hanna standing by with more and that. mike ?
2Slick pointed me to a article at In Iraq For 365 . This is a great blog and I encourage you all to read it regularly. On Sunday he wrote of two Iraqi soldiers who didn't see us as conquerors but as allies when the Mosul bombing occurred. The suicide bomb sprayed bb-like fragments throughout the Marez dining facility . One piece of shrapnel sliced through the femoral artery of a U.S . soldier and his only chance for survival was in the hands of these two Iraqis .
Recalling the medical classes they 'd received from the special forces , the Iraqis reacted calmly, fastening a belt above the wound, creating a tourniquet, which stopped the gushing stream of red. They moved the soldier to a MEDVAC vehicle via two- man litter carry. After they hoisted the soldier in the truck , the two Iraqis -- one an officer , the other an NCO -- ran back to the facility and began treating the other wounded without regard for their safety.
When the dust settled and the mess tent had been evacuated, everybody who could talk was questioned about their health. When the medics came to the two Iraqis , the ING soldiers only wanted to know how everybody else was. When asked why did they do it, they simply stated, "this was our duty; we are a team , and we take care of each other ." Even the Americans . No matter what the MSM tries to tell you , there are Iraqi's who will help the allies , who will fight alongside them and put their lives at risk to make sure Democracy succeeds in their country . This brings to mind a speech Prime Minister Tony Blair gave recently while visiting Iraq . When I meet the people working alongside the United Nations -- Iraqis in fear of their life every day, because they are trying to bring freedom and democracy to their people --when I see their courage and their determination and know that they speak for the vast majority of people in Iraq who want that democracy and freedom, then I know that we are doing the right thing. . . .
And I will also say this to you : There are people dying in Iraq , but the reason people are dying is because of the terrorism and the intimidation and the people who are deliberately killing anyone trying to make this country better.
Now what should our response be as an international community? Our response should be to stand alongside the democrats --the people who 've got the courage to see this thing through--and help them see it through. I 've got no doubt at all that that is the right thing for us to do. . . .
Sometimes when I see some of the reporting of what's happening in Iraq in the rest of the world , I just feel that people should understand how precious what has been created here is. And those people from that electoral commission that I described as the heroes of the new Iraq --every day . . . a lot of them aren't living in the Green Zone , they 've got to travel in from outside. They do not know at any point in time whether they 're going to be subject to brutality or intimidation, even death, and yet they carry on doing it. Now what a magnificent example of the human spirit--that's the side we should be on.
central command has determined that baghdad airport is unusable for normal air operations. the airport , for the most part, is now under u.s . control. military officials will not say whether damage to the runways is going to limit operation there , but they know there are underground bunkers there and some other areas that may be of use. centcom also says 2500 republican guard troops have surrendered to u.s . marines between kut and baghdad . military officials say the baghdad republican guard division is no longer an effective fighting force.
Hi, Judy . Thank you very much. As of an hour or so ago, we got word from the battlefield that U.S . forces were just 15 miles away from the southern edge of Baghdad . And they may be even closer right now. The toughest fight, though, may lie ahead in the heart of the Iraqi capital . Pentagon sources say the first phase of the final push into Baghdad is now under way. U.S .-led forces were able to press farther north after defeating Iraqi Republican Guard units at Karbala and Kut (ph). Our embedded reporters say the two-pronged advance appears to be moving faster than commanders expected. The Pentagon says two of the Republican Guard divisions defending Baghdad are no longer credible forces . Scenes from Najaf may also be bolstering the troops ' spirit. Iraqis who initially were cautious when U.S . forces arrived in Najaf ended cheering them on, shaking their hands and patting their backs. U.S. Army 's 7th Cavalry is in the forefront of U.S . troops since they first left Kuwait and crossed directly into the Iraqi desert . Our Walter Rodgers is embedded with the unit 's 3rd Squadron , which is leading the 3rd Infantry Division 's march toward the Iraqi capital .
Throughout the day, as the U.S. Army 7th Cavalry punched northward in the general direction of Baghdad , we have seen huge convoys of supply troops moving ever northward. Indeed, all the arrows on the Army 's map seem to be pointing in the direction of the southern suburbs of Baghdad . Earlier in the day, the 1st Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division took Karbala with a minimum of fight. And then the 3rd Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division secured the town of Karbala . Additionally, the 7th Cavalry has pushed onward in the general direction of Baghdad . Yesterday we were about 50 miles from the southern suburbs of Baghdad . We have perhaps have that distance. Throughout the day, we have watched the 3rd Infantry Division bring in prisoners of war. Iraqi soldiers glad the war is over for them , perhaps 100 at a time. There were times when the 7th Cavalry itself got into some skirmishes as it pushed forward, again in the direction of Baghdad . There was a bit of a firefight when the 7th Cavalry came upon three Soviet vintage 20- millimeter anti-aircraft guns , ack-ack guns . The Iraqi unit in possession of those guns fired mortars in the direction of the 7th Cavalry . The Apache troop opened its tank guns , opened its own mortars , decimated that unit , put it out of existence and probably killed some 20 Iraqis in the process. This as it continues to push ever closer towards the southern suburbs of Baghdad . Walter Rodgers , CNN , with the U.S . 7th Cavalry in the Iraqi desert .
And it's a similar story from CNN 's Karl Penhaul who is now just miles from the southern outskirts of the Iraqi capital . He 's embedded with the U.S. Army 's 11th Attack Helicopter Regiment . Here's his report just filed a few minutes ago.
The speed as they push to Baghdad seems to have gathered pace overnight and in the course of this morning. In fact, it's going much faster than many of the U.S . commanders on the ground predicted.
The intensity it's very quick moving, very fluid battle. The armor, and mechanized infantry , and artillery pieces and personnel on the ground are moving at rapid speeds.
Overnight and early this morning, the tanks and Bradley fighting vehicles of the 3rd Infantry Division backed by the Apache attack helicopters of the 11th Aviation Regiment punched through the Republican Guard defenses in and around Karbala . They were then able to advance far north of that city and, as we speak, U.S . commanders tell me that elements of the 3rd Infantry Division are now literally just a few miles from Baghdad .
Foreign ministers of the European Union ( EU ) said here Monday that they fully supported stricter nuclear inspections of Iran 's nuclear programs by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ).
A statement issued at the two-day meeting of the EU foreign ministers called on Iran to conclude and implement urgently and unconditionally an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty allowing for short-notice inspections of suspected nuclear sites in the country .
It said that the EU was seriously concerned about Iran 's nuclear activities and urged it to cooperate fully with the IAEA .
"This would be a significant step in demonstrating Iran 's stated peaceful intentions with regard to its nuclear program," the seven-point statement said.
George Papandreou , foreign minister of Greece , the current holder of the EU presidency, said he was in personal contact with IAEA Director-General Mohamed ElBaradei and would follow his lead on this matter.
EU foreign ministers reiterated that improved trade links with Iran should be conditional on Iran 's cooperation.
They also said that the EU was closely following the nuclear issue and would revert it to the forthcoming debate of the IAEA meeting on Tuesday.
i just want to update you on kofi annan 's remarks. the u.n . secretary -general did not answer questions on iraq as a result. there's nothing to report on that front. we have just gotten word from the ninth circuit court of appeals that that court has now put on hold its ruling banning the pledge of allegiance in public classrooms . schools in nine western states would have been prohibited from having students say the pledge starting monday. the stay was granted to give the school districts involved in the initial cases 90 days to appeal to the u.s. supreme court here in washington . the appeals court ruled last summer, but the phrase under god which was ad ded to the pledge in the 1950s is an unconstitutional endorsement of religion. we 'll continue to follow this court ruling as well. here's how you 're weighing in on our web question of the day. remember when we 've been asking you this question. who is the number one threat facing the u.s .? is it saddam hussein , kim jong il or osama bin laden ? look at the results. 13%% o f you say saddam hussein . 14% o f you who voted say kim jong il , 41 % say osama bin laden . remember, this is not, not a 13, 46, 4 1, those are the numbers. you see them, 13 % for saddam hussein , 46 % for kim jong il , 41 % for osama bin laden . remember this, ask not a scientific poll,
North Korea says Security Council's handling of nuclear issue is 'a prelude to war'
North Korea on Sunday rejected the U.N. Security Council 's plan to discuss the standoff over its suspected nuclear weapons development, calling it ``a prelude to war.''
Meanwhile, South Korean officials said Cabinet -level talks scheduled this week between the two Koreas looked unlikely to take place. Seoul had hoped to use the meeting to try to persuade its communist neighbor to scrap its nuclear ambitions.
The Security Council is scheduled to discuss North Korea 's nuclear program on Wednesday, and Pyongyang has said that any sanctions imposed on it will be tantamount to war.
The U.N . discussions are ``a grave provocation act intended to scuttle all (the North 's) effort for dialogue and aggravate the situation on the Korean Peninsula ,'' a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by state -run news agency KCNA .
The Security Council 's ``handling of the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula itself is precisely a prelude to war,'' the spokesman said.
For months, North Korea has insisted on direct talks with the United States to negotiate a nonaggression treaty.
Washington has refused, saying a multilateral solution to the crisis was needed. The U.S . administration has been pressing the Security Council to adopt a statement condemning Pyongyang for failing to meet its obligations to prevent the spread of nuclear arms .
But KCNA quoted the spokesman as saying that the U.S . invasion of Iraq showed that Washington was not bound by international agreements. A nonaggression treaty with Pyongyang would not necessarily avert war because it may not be honored, he said.
It was not immediately clear if Pyongyang would drop its demand for a nonaggression pact.
North Korea also said Washington is ``seriously mistaken'' if it thinks that the communist country will accept the U.S . demand to disarm. It said it will ignore any U.N . resolution on the nuclear issue.
If the U.N. Security Council cooperates with U.S . efforts to ``stifle'' North Korea , it would leave the North with ``no other option but to beef up the deterrent force for war by mobilizing all the potentials,'' KCNA quoted the Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying.
For weeks, North Korea has claimed that the United States plans to attack it after Iraq . Washington says it seeks a diplomatic end, but has not ruled out a military solution.
Last year, U.S . President George W. Bush said North Korea was part of an ``axis of evil'' along with Iraq and Iran , and that it was developing weapons of mass destruction.
South Korea has tried to keep a lid on rising tensions between Washington and Pyongyang .
But officials in Seoul said Sunday that North Korea had yet to confirm that Cabinet -level meetings scheduled to begin Monday in Pyongyang would go ahead. Seoul had hoped to use the three-day talks to try to persuade its communist neighbor to scrap its suspected nuclear program in return for aid and better relations with the outside world.
North Korea called off two working-level talks with South Korea last month.
Also on Sunday, South Korean lawmakers said they would work to quickly set up a special parliamentary committee to deal with the North 's nuclear issue.
The nuclear standoff began in October, when U.S . officials said North Korea admitted having a secret nuclear program in violation of a 1994 agreement.
back to the scene in orlando florida . we were here moments ago where the man in the green in the forefront of the screen there. the former p.o.w . david williams was speaking to the crowd rather emotionally and now you see he is taking down the black and white p.o.w . flag. i wish i could tell you which site this flag was hoisted in. we have the pictures coming in from central florida , news 13 . this is that city hall in orlando , now i 'm being told. quite an emotional scene this morning. david williams , one of the p.o.w.s whose face we got to know in the coverage that we saw coming from iraq . other p.o.w.s from iraq after they were captured and released, that dramatic release that sunday morning when they were picked up by a squadron of marines who had wanted wandered in a town in baghdad and were told where they were being kept. dramatic rescue and then a return home . quite an emotional experience and one of us can only imagine what it must have been like to endure. as we said, quite an emotional moment in orlando , florida . and you see apache helicopter pilot and his wife michelle who was talking with us on the telephone the sunday morning when the video came in of the rescue of the p.o.w.s and she was able to tell us on the telephone as we had those pictures up on air, she identified her husband and life just got better and better for her after that. moving on now, in upstate new york stock exchange criminal charges have been filed in last month's fraternity hazing death at platsberg state university of new york . 11 members had been charged with negligent homicide for forcing 18-year-old pledge walter dean jenning to drink an excessive amount of water. the fraternity also faces more than 150 charges for other hazing activities, as well.
coalition forces in iraq have captured a member of a terrorist group with links to al qaeda . sources tell our national security correspondent , david ensor , that the terrorist is a member of a group operating in the west of baghdad . that group is led by abu musab zarqawi . u.s . officials believe zarqawi planned the assassination of u.s . diplomat lawrence foley in jordan last october. coalition forces also said saddam hussein 's former oil minister has surrendered. he was an expert on iraq 's missile systems as well. the former minister , the 6 of spades in the deck of cards, showing the most wanted members of the saddam hussein regime . he is married to the iraqi microbiologist known as dr. germ . she was in charge of the iraqi facility that weaponized anthrax . the former governor of basra province also surrendered to coalition forces today. he was the 8 of clubs .
Five Iraqi civilians , including a woman , were killed Monday when their houses were hit by a missile fired by the US -led coalition warplanes , witnesses said.
Their houses are located in Al-Azamiyah , one of the most populous areas in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad , they said.
One house was destroyed during the strike and casualties have been removed from the area .
The US -led coalition forces launched a new round of airstrikes on Baghdad at 2:30 p.m. (1130GMT) on Monday.
Huge explosions were heard in different parts of Baghdad and air raid siren sounded throughout the capital city , they said, adding that Iraqi anti- aircraft artillery had begun to fire back.
Although the coalition leaders have repeatedly assured that every effort would be made to minimize civilian casualties in the current Iraq war, at least 130 Iraqi civilians have been reportedly killed since the war started five days ago.
According to other reports reaching here, five Syrian bus passengers were killed and 10 others were injured on Sunday morning when a US missile hit the bus they were traveling in near the Iraqi border .
The vehicle was carrying Syrians fleeing the war in Iraq .
slaughter in congo . with most of the world turning a blind eye. a month of bloodleting between rival tribes has already killed 500 people . that's just a fraction of the killings and rapes and torture that have grippedded the country since 1998. here's a look at what happened and some of the pictures in this report are very disturbing. for a while, the world focused on the war in iraq . now the spotlight turns to the conflict in the middle east . a massacre of massive proportions is unraveling in africa , and most of the world is turning a blind eye. international relief agency estimate that more than 3 million people have died in what's often dubbed africa 's first world war. it is, in fact, the deadliest conflict since world war ii and has been going on for five years. there is no oil here . but the land is home to other natural gems being fought over. diamonds, gold, timber and a mineral you probably use every day. it's in cell phones and laptop computers. congo , almost a quarter the size of the united states . the war there , a direct spillover from the 1994 civil war in rwanda , where government -led militia slaughtered an estimated 800,000 opposition , and opposition sympathizers in about 100 days. after rwanda , the world issued maya kulpas. president clinton apologized for not getting involved. here's what he said in 1998.
You know, for the past five days and really for about the past fifteen or twenty days, I 've been angry about the BCS rankings and why Auburn isn't ranked higher and all of that business. Can someone tell me why one of my friends or family members hasn't smacked me because of it?
I mean, here we are, 10-0 and staring down the barrell of a road game AT Tuscaloosa against our hated rivals , the Alabama Crimson Tide , and I 'm bitching about how we better get to play for a national title? Really?
You don't have to think back too far to find a similar scenario, only with the shoe firmly on the other foot.
In 1989, Alabama was 10-0, number two in the nation and coming into Auburn for the first time ever to play at Jordan-Hare Stadium . All the talk for the weeks leading up to the game was about "if Bama 's undefeated, they 'll play for it all in the Sugar Bowl" and other crap like that.
Well, "if or when" never happened because Auburn won 30-20 in one of the greatest Iron Bowl games ever, putting an end to Bama 's national title hopes for the year.
15 years later, the situation's reversed. It's Auburn that's undefeated and facing the road game at the end of the season.
Suddenly, I 'm about nauseous about this game too. Despite being riddled with injuries, Alabama has a ridiculously stout defense , recently ranked as the number one defense in the country .
Egad. Has all of the bluster and talking shown up on The Plains as well? I only hope that Coach Tuberville has been successful at keeping his players focused, motivated and thinking about ONLY the Alabama game.
Stephen of IRA-CAM is experiencing Sitemeter envy over all those succesful political blogs. Understandable! After all, my biggest surge in hits came from a link from, well, a political blog. However, I 'd rather not worry -- instead, I 'd like to think of our situation as akin to Instapundit , or Andrew Sullivan , or Daily Kos in, say, the summer of 2001. Blogs didn't get huge until people saw them updated continuously on September 11th, and during the primaries, and later on during the conventions. In politics, there's a definite four-year cycle, and any new medium can find its voice and carve out an audience in that time. Financial markets aren't so kind.
In short, we need a crash, and we need to blog it.
Those poliblog hits come at a cost. My half-hearted trolling dragged back some hate to my site. No wonder why they turn off the comments.
I can understand that. When you 're blogging about stocks, it's possible -- though a little difficult -- to say "Okay, you 're right, I 'm wrong. So I 'm going to sell what I had, and sell it short!" And everyone can be reasonably happy. But a political blog is usually built around a certain ideology, and no matter how compelling you are, you probably won't change anyone 's stated opinions (Instant Counterpoint: Check Little Green Footballs now, and compare that to the September 11th archive).
Woman Charged With Murder, Kidnapping Fetus-Thingy
From the Associated Press : A baby girl who had been cut out of her mother 's womb was found after a frantic search, and authorities arrested the woman they say strangled the mother and stole the child . The baby was in good condition Saturday.
Lisa M. Montgomery , 36, of Melvern , Kan ., was arrested later Friday and charged with kidnapping resulting in death. Bobbie Jo Stinnett , 23, was found Thursday in a pool of blood inside her small white home in Skidmore , a town in northwest Missouri .
Stinnett , who was eight months pregnant, had earlier been talking with her mother on the phone, and hung up saying a woman she had chatted with online had just arrived at her door, authorities said.
U.S . Attorney Todd Graves said Montgomery contacted Stinnett through an online message board, and authorities zeroed in on her using computer forensics. Montgomery was seeking to buy a dog from Stinnett , who raised rat terriers, he said.
According to the criminal complaint, Montgomery traveled about 40 miles to Topeka , Kan ., on Thursday to go shopping. Her husband received a call from her saying she had gone into labor and given birth. The next day, authorities say, Montgomery confessed that she strangled Stinnett from behind, cut her open, removed the baby and cut her umbilical cord. I don't understand how we can call this fetus-thing that was ripped from a mother 's womb a " child " or " girl " in a society that sanctions partial-birth abortion. If you can't charge someone for killing a fetus via abortion during the eighth month, then surely you can't make a big deal about a woman who kidnapped a fetus that survived the knifing.
On a less-sarcastic note, I pray for the family of the 23-year-old woman . No one should have to die because some crazy nut wanted a child and decided to kill for it . If there's any good news in this story, it's that Victoria Jo will live on and carry her mother 's memory. Question for the pro-choicers : Being that it isn't yet the ninth month, can we still charge the killer with kidnapping?
more now on the louisiana serial killings. and the arrest of the prime suspect , derrick lee tee lee w .''re joined on the phone by the police chief of atlanta . can owe tell us exactly the details, the precise details of how you arrested the suspect ?
yes, we can. first of all, members of my fugitive unit had been looking for the suspect , derrick lee all day based on information we received from the baton rouge police chief and the serial murder task force back in the state of louisiana . this evening, about 8:45 p.m., members of my fugitive unit received a telephone call from an informtive saying they thought that they had observed the suspect derrick lee in the area of woods drive and donald lee holland parkway in southwest atlanta . the officers responded to that location . noticed a suspect fitting the description, approached derrick lee . asked for identification. derrick lee produced louisiana identification. he was arrested without incident. taken into custody and he 's currently at atlanta police department headquarters pending extradition back to the state of louisiana .
and just to be clear, exactly where -- what kind of facility was it that you arrested him at?
he was in the rear of a tire shop . it's sort of like a mall area , but he was hanging around a tire shop . an automotive tire shop , and someone noticed him , recognized him . made a call to the fugitive unit . we went out this evening about
8:45, and sure enough, he was the person we were looking for all day.
if you 're just starting your week, good morning, once again. 7:30 up and down the east coast . welcome back to "american morning." overcaes -- overseas, president bush will leave france in a few hour's time after a second meeting face-to-face in private with french president jacque chirac today. the president called that meeting helpful and said the disagreement between the united states and france over iraq does not mean the two countries have to be disagreeable. mr . bush travels next to egypt and he will enter middle east peace talks at middle east . he says he will spend as much time as necessary to achieve peace between the israelis and palestinians . a key trip continues for the week. want to say hello again to daryn right ?
a series of commercials people are not as fond of featuring carrot top as he pitches for one of the oldest and most reared corporations in the land , at&amp;t .
train your finger to dial up the center. it's free for you , and cheap for them .
carrot top 's major exposure on the tube isn't just something that makes us curious. " fortune" magazine looked into his commercial appeal. there must be some. andy can explain why he 's a hot commodity .
no, i can't explain at all. i want to sound off. this blows my mind. probably the most annoying person on the planet . i don't say that lightly. the most annoying person on the planet . here is this old blue chip company that uses him as a pitch man . i 've never heard of this guy before they started doing these commercials. now he 's more and more famous. he 's hitting on girls , advertising long distance. what this is carrot top ? does anyone like carrot top ? it's disgusting.
i actually -- he flew under my radar. i called atlanta to get background on this guy . the san francisco chronicle did a survey with its readers of most annoying celebrities famous for just being famous. carrot top . kathy lee gifford number two .
he hasn't a celebrity until at&amp;t ever made him one . anybody call you carrot top? auburn top?
nobody 's a celebrity until the media makes him one . don't be picking on my friend susan . you 're really exercised about this. he 's trying to make a living. has somebody from your magazine spent time with him ?
yes, and hates him as much as everyone else does. he spent time with this guy and there was stockholm syndrome, he ended up liking the guy .
maybe he 's a nice guy , it doesn't have to be stockholm syndrome.
in defense of carrot top , he knows he 's insane and annoying and acknowledges it.
he wrote carrot top is one of those c list celebrities who wormed their way into your consciousness without you knowing how it happened.
here's a story about a kid who 's stormed into our consciousness, lebron james . the high school basketball phenom out of ohio . he just signed, only 18, a senior , has not played one nanosecond in the nba yet. yet already signed a sneaker deal that ap reports is worth more than $90 million. lebron james is expected to be cleveland 's top pick after they won the number one pick in the nba lottery. nike is hoping the phenom will help boost their sales of basketball shoes to that crucial team market. and of course everybody 's got an opinion whether the kid is going to skip college and go right into the pros , worth this kind of money. this is mega bucks. they only paid tiger woods $40 million for his deal coming out of stanford university . but he had an amateur golf career where he posted scores and did things comparable to what is done on the pga tour. nobody knows if this kid can play against shaquille o'neal or not.
nike and nba are looking for the next big thing . it's not only of course his basketball skills, which is unquestionable. but his personality. then if in fact the team he ultimately plays on, whether the cleveland cavaliers , or somebody else, whether they actually are any good.
they had the lowest attendance in the nba . i checked it out. this guy ,
israel has experienced its fifth suicide bombing in three days. police say a bomber blew herself up outside a northern israel shopping center when she was stopped by a security guard . three people plus the bomber were killed, and at least 30 others were hurt. the french press agency says the militant group " islamic jihad " is claiming responsibility.
Malaysian court rejects Anwar's appeal against sodomy conviction
Malaysia 's second highest court on Friday rejected an appeal by jailed former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim against his conviction and nine-year prison sentence for sodomy.
A three- judge panel of the Court of Appeals unanimously upheld a verdict by High Court Judge Arifin Jaka nearly three years ago that found Anwar guilty of sodomizing his wife 's former driver . Sodomy is a crime in this predominantly Muslim Southeast Asian country .
Anwar is expected to appeal again with the Federal Court , Malaysia 's highest court .
Speaking to reporters after the verdict, Anwar lambasted the judges , saying they had been ``preselected'' by the government to quash his appeal.
`` These are spineless judges ,'' Anwar said. ``This decision is all scripted.''
The judges also rejected an application by Anwar to be released on bail. But Anwar 's lawyers said they were filing a fresh request for bail pending a further appeal.
On Monday, Anwar completed his sentence for a separate conviction on corruption charges, after the six-year sentence was reduced by one-third for good behavior. He then began serving the nine-year prison sentence for sodomy, his lawyers said.
Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad fired Anwar , his former protege , in 1998 following disputes over financial policy. Anwar led large protests against Mahathir before he was arrested, charged and convicted on corruption and sodomy charges.
Anwar claims the charges were fabricated to keep him from challenging Mahathir for power. The government denies this.
Human rights group Amnesty International said Friday's verdict ``represents another step in the further deterioration in the human rights situation in the country .''
``This decision adds to the already widespread perception that in politically sensitive cases, the independence of the judiciary can no longer be guaranteed,'' the London -based group said in a statement. ``Today, the situation looks much bleaker.''
Param Cumaraswamy , the U.N . special investigator on the freedom of judges and lawyers , said in a statement: ``So long as there are judges who are prepared to and continue to compromise the value and principles of their high office ... there is no hope for judicial independence and impartiality in the Malaysian justice system .''
About 200 demonstrators outside the court shouted Anwar 's slogan of ``Reformasi!'' for political change. Police armed with automatic weapons stood by to prevent rowdiness.
The court also dismissed a joint appeal by Anwar 's adopted brother , Sukma Darmawan , who was convicted together with Anwar for sodomy in August 2000 and sentenced to six years in jail and whipping.
Sukma has been free on bail pending appeal, but the judges on Friday ordered him to begin his sentence.
it's wednesday, april 30, 2003. hello from washington . i 'm wolf blitzer reporting. we are following several major developments right now. that was then, this is now, 20 years after meeting saddam hussein in baghdad , defense secretary donald rumsfeld is back in the iraqi capital with victorious u.s . troops . and you 're looking at a live picture from the " uss abraham lincoln " on its way back from war. from its flight deck president bush will make a major announcement to the american people tomorrow night on the end of major combat in iraq . right now we 're also waiting to hear from the president at the white house . we 'll bring you his comments as soon as we get them and we 'll get to all of that shortly, but first. a move by the president today designed to save children 's lives and among his guests in the rose garden , elizabeth smart . here's cnn 's justice correspondent kelli arena . she is joining us live.
saddam international airport has become a battlefield. witnesses say iraqi troops are dug in trying to fend off coalition troops making their way into the capital 's main airport . a reuters correspondent said dozens of iraqi civilians and soldiers were killed in what witnesses called a barrage of u.s . artillery .
all right. just about 25 minutes long in that press conference there at nato headquarters in brussels . he mentioned a headline a short time ago. u.s . forces moving in on the airports at saddam hussein international airport , 12 miles west of the city 's center . colin powell saying an end will come soon and toward the end, this regime will be finished. also a question there about the united nations . a question about nato about what role these two organizations may play in rebuilding iraq . colin powell says the u.n . does have a role to play, what role that is remains to be seen. there was also one other moment there when you heard a woman asking about the safety of her husband right now. that woman , we believe s married to one of two journalists who disappeared in iraq almost two weeks ago, both work other for the network , itn . we have heard that perhaps both are being held in basra , possibly in a hospital , but there's no way for us to confirm their whereabouts, but obviously a lot of concern from this woman as to where whereabouts of her husband and his health. walt rogers is back with us . we 've been in and out now for almost two hours. what's happening with you and the 7th cav as we continue to watch your image by way of video phone and the giant m1-a1 tank . walt , good evening again.
for killing his wife and three children the oldest of whom was three, christian longo had been sentenced to die. prosecutors say longo stood his family because they stood before him and the life he craved. the jury deliberated for three hour before returning a death sentence. now cnn 's coverage of the new iraq continues.
Look at Latest Evidence Against Iraq; Any Hope U.N., Old Europe will 
Come Around to Bush Administration's Way of Thinking?
Hello, everybody . Welcome to CROSSFIRE. On this Ash Wednesday, the pope asks Catholics to fast for peace and he asks President Bush to work for peace, while the White House sends out Colin Powell to make yet another case for war. We will debate all of that as well as " Vanity Fair "'s latest, stunning revelations about Michael Jackson . Believe it or not, we got new news on Michael Jackson . Do you think he really looks like a mummy ? Certainly not a daddy . But first, our own little moonwalk across the political landscape, the "CROSSFIRE Political Alert." The foreign ministers of France , Germany and Russia today issued a joint declaration that they will not allow a second American -backed resolution to pass the United Nations Security Council . President Bush wants the Security Council to explicitly authorize force against Iraq , and his press secretary today remained optimistic that in the end, that's just what he 'll get. President Bush is said to be focusing on one fence-sitting Security Council member , the African nation of Guinea , because he said -- quote -- " I used to have one of their pigs." So -- OK, I made that up. He didn't say that.
But they are a swing vote . Guinea is an important swing vote .
As is Cameroon . France and Germany are pointing to inspection and saying, Look, they're working. We don't need war. They 're not pointing out that inspections are working only because there's the credible threat of war. Saddam wouldn't be destroying missiles unless he thought he was going to be destroyed if he didn't.
I think that's a good point. It doesn't mean we have to go to war. But I think President Bush should get credit for pushing to instructions and backing them up with the threat of force.
It means when you take the threat of force of the table, you 're likely to stop disarming Saddam Hussein .
Yes, I 'm not saying take the threat of force. I 'm saying we don't need to use force right now.
Well, France and Germany would like to. Secretary of State Colin Powell today responded to Saddam Hussein 's latest attempts to fool the world . Powell called Iraqi steps toward disarmament -- quote -- "too little, too late" gestures, meant to split international resolve to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction. U.S . intelligence said Powell indicates Iraq has hidden equipment to produce al-Samoud 2 missiles , even as it destroys existing ones , missiles that until recently, it claimed not to have. Powell also revealed that Iraq is hiding chemical and biological weapons in poor neighborhoods around Baghdad . In order to secure peace, Powell concluded, the international community must confront Saddam Hussein 's refusal to disarm -- quote -- "here and now." So, there you have it. The essence of the American case for war against Saddam Hussein . The only question left: who do you believe? Secretary of State Colin Powell or France ?
Who do you believe: the Bush administration or your lying eyes? We are watching them destroy weapons , as the president says, Oh, that's just a hoax.
No, no, no that's not what the president 's saying. He 's saying, the -- it's a hoax to the extent that those are only a small number of the weapons there . Keep in mind, these are weapons that Saddam Hussein , until recently, said he didn't even have. He 's a liar .
And to trust Saddam Hussein in effort to disarm him -- foolish task, don't you think?
Absolutely. Nobody trusts Saddam Hussein . The question is, Is he a sufficient threat to America today to risk the lives of our young men and women .
That's a separate question. That's a very separate question.
I think he 's not. I think the inspections can work.
That's a different argument. We can take it up later.
Australia's first listed bordello plans sex Disneyland
The Daily Planet Ltd , about to become the first brothel to list on the Australian Stock Exchange , plans to follow up its May Day launching by opening a "sex Disneyland " here , the Melbourne -based bordello announced Wednesday.
Chief executive Andrew Harris said the company was likely to abandon plans to acquire a hotel in Sydney 's Kings Cross red light district and acquire another property three times the size in a better location .
The Daily Planet raised 3.5 million dollars (2.2 million US ) in its initial public offering with one of the new 600 shareholders acquiring 1.0 million dollars worth of shares.
Renowned Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss has been flown to Melbourne as guest of honour at Thursday's market debut and, according to Harris , has already played a key role in attracting worldwide media attention to the event.
" Heidi 's ideas, her background, her knowledge have helped us a great deal," he said. "The international novelty value with Heidi promoting it has been massive -- these shares can go anywhere."
But it hasn't been an easy road to the Australian Stock Exchange since the idea was first mooted in 1994.
"The establishment did not want a brothel on the stock exchange ," Harris said.
"It's only because we were the biggest and the best that we could afford to do it.
" We have fought every institution , every law firm ... it's cost us a fortune but now we 're going on a massive expansion."
Harris said Sydney was a more attractive option for the sex Disneyland because its prostitution laws are less restrictive than Melbourne 's.
"Prostitution is completely decriminalised in Sydney and we are going to build a monster ," he said.
" We want a complete one-stop adult venue -- we want a complete adult venue with adult cinemas , adult shops ... we have found much bigger premises in a much better location to create a sex Disneyland ."
The company is also considering franchising The Daily Planet within Australia with likely venues in Perth , Brisbane , Sydney 's western suburbs and a second venue in Melbourne .
But The Daily Planet is saving its big plans for the United States where it is negotiating with two well-known US personalities to join the board .
"The United States is our major thrust," he said. " We want to build a little city called Metropolis with a 150-200 room hotel in Nevada ."
the draining of a pond for anthrax evidence in maryland is finished. up next for investigators , to try to search sediment on the bottom of the pond located just outside fredrick , not far from washington , d.c . it's part of the investigation into the deadly anthrax attacks in the fall of 2001 in which five people were killed.
the struggle for power in a post saddam iraq has begun. a key faction bidding for control announced it will protest the presence of a prominent iraqi exile leader . the head of the iraqi democratic movement says his group will hold a demonstration in nasiriyah to denounce the presence of ahmad chalabi . chalabi is the founder and leader of the iraqi national congress . he was escorted into iraq tuesday by u.s . marines . chalabi staged his own rally yesterday to support his bid to become the next leader of iraq .
there is more outrage about perks for executives , both from angry employees and from shareholders as well. andy serwer "minding your business." shame on them .
the big focus is american airlines , the board of the company meeting today, possibly discussing the future of ceo don carty , he got in trouble when he jacked up pensions of the guys in top while asking employees to take big pay cuts. $1.8 billion. last night, former general electric ceo jack welch talked to paula zahn about this issue of corporate greed. let' s listen to what he had to say.
it's one of the parts of america that is great. people want more and they want other people to have less. that's part of the system. and annual meeting, every year, i went they complained about executive salaries, even though the team that i managed increase shareholder value to $600 billion that sharoners received, the larger share orns being employees .
i think it's really a question of degree, i mean, i think that ceos should make millions of dollars running companies , there are tens of thousand employees , billions of dollars of revenue. a million dollars is okay, maybe 5 million, $100 million to me that is too much money.
the board is who decides that and board is so often chock full of the ceo s golfing buddies , they serve on each other 's boards and problem here is gap between what the average worker makes and ceo is making is increasing and everyone agrees that is not a good thing for this country , plus the fact, when the guys get the big packageses, so often you see the companies going down the zblubs thank you for updating us . back over to bill .
talking about the sars threat worldwide this morning. the world health organization says there are 4200 sars cases so far, more than 250 deaths in 27 countries and there is no cure. and nobody knows what is causing it. the question is, would you change your plans because of the threat of sars? a lot of responses, as in hundreds and hundreds of them, beginning
Saddam Hussein is Losing Grip on Northern Cities in Iraq
Yesterday, there were scenes of jubilation in Baghdad , today, a suicide bombing and firefighters , grim reminders that, as U.S . Central Command put it, Baghdad is still an ugly place . CNN 's John Irvine has this profile of a city literally teetering on a razor's edge.
Getting acquainted, very deliberately, the U.S . Marines are trying to strike up a rapport with the people who are now their responsibility. But there are still problems bringing control to Baghdad , particularly at nighttime. In the pitch black of a city without power, these soldiers manning a roadblock became nervous.
When a car fails to stop, it's the cue for a violent gun battle. Bullets are sprayed everywhere. In parts of Baghdad that the Americans haven't yet reached, there has been looting. This man took the horse from a stable at the home of Uday Hussein , Saddam 's eldest son . We found the house , a large, gaudy structure , a place that just a few days ago people didn't even look at for fear of their lives. This indeed was one of Uday 's homes . Here , the ruling family could look out over the Tigris . People have wasted no time clearing the house and wrecking what couldn't be easily taken. (on camera): They haven't quite worked out just how to reach this will chandelier yet. But, other than that, they have stripped this place bare in less than 24 hours. Call it plunder, if you will, or perhaps payback. (voice-over): These Iraqis were rifling a home of a senior member of the Mukhabarat , Saddam 's dreaded secret police . It also seemed to be some kind of monitoring station . There was sophisticated equipment here . In the basement , we found burning archives and evidence of electronic surveillance. This had been a nerve center for spying, a place from where the bully boys kept tabs to keep control. (on camera): We 're now in the bowels of a secret police monitoring station . Look at all this gadgetry, quite sinister really, part of the apparatus of Big Brother. (voice-over): These people are stealing from a shopping center . It has become widespread, but it's not being done with total impunity. These thieves are trying to flee the German Embassy , having been shot at by a guard . John Irvine , ITV News , Baghdad .
and investigators in taiwan raise more questions about the disintegration and crash of a china airlines jet last may. all 225 people aboard were killed. a probe has determined the plane had metal fatigue cracks and metal corrosion. investigators say the cracks may have been the result of a runway accident 20 years earlier.
Russia hints "peace camp" alliance with Germany and France is dying by Dmitry Zaks
Russian President Vladimir Putin 's summit with the leaders of Germany and France may have been a failure that proves there can be no long-term "peace camp" alliance following the end of war in Iraq , government sources were quoted as saying at the weekend.
"Senior government officials , speaking in the corridors of power in Moscow , have no illusions about any long-term perspectives for the ( Russian - German - French ) axis," the respected Izvestia daily reported.
"Sooner or later Iraq will fall and Russia and the United Sates will resume normal relations," the senior Moscow official , who was reported to be close to Putin , told the paper .
"The situation in Iraq does not mean that we intend to get into an argument with the United States ."
The comments indicate that Russia 's nuanced position over the war in Iraq was becoming ever more scrambled, with Putin pushing to protect his budding friendship with US President George W. Bush in the face of strident opposition from the Russian media and other top Kremlin officials .
Analysts have long argued that Putin is far keener to preserve friendly relations with the United States than the pro- European , anti-war camps embedded in much of the Russian media and the foreign and defense ministries .
Russia 's foreign minister expressed outrage at suggestions from a top Washington official last week that Moscow should forgive the eight billion dollars in Soviet -era debt that Baghdad owes it , as a gesture of good will.
Kommersant business daily joined in, declaring in a furious front-page headline: "The United States is demanding that Russia , France and Germany pay for the Iraqi war."
And the popular Gazeta.ru news website stormed: " We should have expected this!.. This is only the start of a massive US campaign (to decide Iraq 's future finances)."
Yet Putin has been far more reserved. He and his loyal finance minister suggested Friday that Moscow might be prepared to waiver some of the Iraqi debts in return for better Russia - US relations.
"On the whole the proposal is understandable and legitimate," Putin said. " Russia has no objections to such a proposal."
Putin concluded his two days of talks in Saint Petersburg with Jacques Chirac of France and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder on Saturday still urging for a central role for the United Nations in a post-war revival of Iraq .
The call reflected the insistent demand made by the three leaders before the US - British invasion of Iraq that UN approval was essential for any mission to topple Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
But the Saint Petersburg summit ended without any formal declaration on Iraq .
And diplomats noted that Putin appeared uncomfortable at being so closely associated with the anti- Washington stance of Schroeder and Chirac amid his developing friendship with Bush .
Putin had even secretly invited British Prime Minister Tony Blair , Bush 's staunchest backer in the war on Iraq , to attend the pow-wow in Saint Petersburg 's Grand Hotel Europe , although diplomats said Blair turned the offer down.
It remains to be seen how successful Putin 's overtures to Washington will be in the face of the fervent internal hostility to the US war stance.
A senior lawmaker seen as close to the Kremlin ridiculed the United States Sunday for failing to find any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
" We do not think that America won," said Dmitry Rogozin , the head of the lower house of parliament 's foreign affairs committee , told Rossia television .
And Putin 's media aide , Sergei Yastrzhembsky , told Kommersant Russia would not forgive the Iraqi debt.
"( Washington ) should not be so generous at other people 's expense," he said.
a father in new york is accused of dropping his baby out of a seven- story apartment window, here's jordena ginsberg with more from affiliate news-12 westchester .
reporter: please measure the spot where she landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window. the baby fell 80 feet. these tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life. the baby 's aunt didn't want her face shown on tv, but told us she was stunned.
reporter: now, willie williams , the little girl 's father is charged with attempted murder. police say it all started at around 11:30 saturday night when williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother jasmine gil yo . he wanted to date her again and she wasn't interested. cops say he allegedly kidnapped her and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home . that's when police say he grabbed their daughter .
the father of the child allegedly picked the baby up, dangedled it out the window, pulled the child back in.
then the baby 's mother made a frantic call to the police . while she was on the phone, he picked up the child again and this time threw her out the window. then police say the baby 's mother pulled out a kitchen knife . you can hear williams say, go ahead, kill me . at that point the baby 's mother stabbed him right in the hand. still bleeding, he ran downstairs and scooped up the baby , and took the baby to the hospital . police were on his trail and found williams and the baby at at the
another story in the 1:00 p.m. hour in canada . the top story there today, the world health organization announced it is lifting its advisory against travel to toronto because of fear of sars. it's been 20 days since the last cases of locally transmitted sars in toronto . and there have been no new confirmed cases of sars exported out of toronto . the who says sars advisories against travel to hong kong , beijing and the chinese provences will remain in effect. china has more sars cases than any country in the world . 3303 by today's count. that's more than twice as many as hong kong which ranks second.
knew saddam hussein 's rej geemg is no more, the focus in iraq is turning from military action to rebuilding which means the coalition 's role in the country will have to change. military analyst and retired army general claudia kennedy joins me with a look at possibilitys. good to have you with us .
up first, on "cnn live today", sentencing this hour in the case of sam waksal , the man at the center of the martha stewart scandal. he could become the highest ranking executive to go to prison in the recent series of corporate scandals. cnn financial news correspondent chris huntington is outside the federal courthouse where sentencing is underway. chris ?
It's always difficult to get used to a central fact of the modern economy: The best new technology will keep getting better at an absolutely astounding rate. Usually, the improvement curve flattens pretty fast -- the usual auto industry /computer industry comparison works just fine (According to the standard urban legend, Bill Gates notes that "If we 'd been making cars instead of software, you 'd get 500 miles to the gallon, need an oil change every 250,000 miles, and be able to replace your car for $200," to which a mythical GM executive replies "Ah, but if Microsoft made cars , they 'd crash three times a day, too!").
Anyway, a few announcements during the last two days underscore the fact that the growth in memory and processing power for computers is far from over: Hewlett-Packard is developing a new replacement for the transistor , and a consortium of software companies is backing a new technology that would allow discs to hold up to a terabyte of information . No idea where this will end up: It's not altogether rare that these announcements result in a very expensive project to develop something that, for whatever reason, isn't worthwhile to consumers . But it's important to remember that the status quo is never more than a snapshot -- investing as though it's permanent is a recipe for disaster.
Choir boy Tim Kaine is a political moderate informed by his Catholic beliefs. But look for the Kilgore team to paint him as a liberal for his record on tax hikes and the death penalty.
The Blue Dog personally views Lt. Gov . Tim Kaine as a moderate-to-conservative politician . Kaine has never been an Amway Christian , nor does he hold a lifetime membership to the C-E Club (i.e., only attending church service on Christmas and Easter holidays). More
Kaine a " moderate to conservative "? Who is this guy trying to kid? Kaine is as liberal as they come. Who other than a left-wing liberal would agree to represent a two-time murderer ( Lem Tugle ) for free, to try and keep him from getting the death penalty. Tugle was on trial for raping and killing a southwest Virginia grandmother . After killing her , he dumped her body down the same ditch where he dumped the 17-year-old girl he had previously been convicted of murdering. Tugle was on parole for this crime when he killed the grandmother .
I understand that representing people is what attorneys do but even attorneys have some choice in whom they represent. The line of defense Kaine used was that Tugle had not really raped the grandmother because "forcable sodomy was not rape according to the law at the time."
Well, U.S . forces entering Baghdad do face the prospect of urban combat, a type of battle they have trained for, but, of course, they would prefer to avoid. For more now on the unique challenges posed by urban combat, let' s go back to Atlanta and join the man whose voice we just heard, Miles O'Brien . Hello again, Miles .
Hello again, Judy . I 'm joined by J. Kelly McCann , our security analyst , a man who 's spent a lot of time learning about urban combat. You know, just those two words together, I think, scare a lot of people because of all the things that can go wrong. You know, I 'm impressed, looking at this map, it almost looks like a chess game, kind of sterile. That is -- couldn't be further from the truth, could it?
Absolutely not. This is very clean and it's very orderly. Suddenly when we show the videotape and we start to go there, you 'll see just how conflicted an environment that is.
Let' s roll some tape. We 're going to kind of play it and stop it, and Kelly 's going to walk us through, I guess, Urban Combat 101. What are we seeing here?
Just there, I mean, just getting the door out of the way, you can see where the weapons have to go. Now, you just see this soldier right here, he 's going to his sidearm to make a little bit more mobile. And he 's got to be careful of his muzzle pointing at his partner right here. Now, he 's going to go that direction, because that room is clear. Go ahead and stop the tape.As you make every entry, Miles , there are two dead spots, one, of course, in this direction right here, which you can't see from the doorway, the other in this direction right here, and that's always the problem, because as you come in here, you 've got to be able to get in there quickly and make sure that this person here doesn't get shot in the back. So...
All right. Now, what about this, this armor? Tell us how they 're equipped with armor there.
Level 4 armor, this is not just for frag. This will also stop bullets . And there's a difference. The normal flak jacket will stop fragments from grenades , et cetera. This is a plate that will actually stop and deform a bullet .
All right. Let' s roll tape and continue on here and talk about -- Now, I notice his hand -- his sidearm is attached to him . That's for...
... (UNINTELLIGIBLE) retention, for retention capability. So he goes down the hallway , and you can see once that 's called clear, straight trigger finger, in case there's any sympathetic muscle tightening, there's no problem. You 'll see another person come right up here, and he 'll hold on this door, because that 's not been cleared space yet, again, straight trigger finger, but ready to shoot if he needs to.
Immediately making entry with the thing, and then pying (ph) the room out, getting angles of vision as they clear it. But look at that, a dark space from a lighted space. Who knows what's in the recesses ?
All right. Let' s roll that second tape quickly, and we 'll show you a couple more tips from Kelly 's perspective. So far, what we 're seeing is pretty much textbook.
All right. Now, this is a rural setting, but this could be applied to urban combat, yes.
Very different circumstance. Same thing when you come into a building . But stop the tape right here...
... if you would, (UNINTELLIGIBLE) -- It's all right. You can see all this area ...
... out here. Just go ahead and roll it. All of that has to be accounted for as well, not just the space in here. Your back is not covered. Many angles you 've got to watch for. Now, you see right here, he 's got a sidearm , he 's calling the team in. All the rear is -- Now, stop the tape.
Imagine a person that is concealed anywhere in here . I mean, you could have anyone with a rifle back in these areas here ...
I mean, you know, you 're looking at -- he wouldn't have a bomb (UNINTELLIGIBLE)...
No, he wouldn't have that . But let me ask you this. Also that the garb, (UNINTELLIGIBLE) there's a cultural issue here. That provides a lot of cover for weapons if need be, right?
Absolutely. And someones might say, Well, why put their hands on their head like this? Because, you know, you -- the hands hurt. And I won't be able to determine what you 're doing with your face. Where are your hands and what do they hold?
All right. Let' s roll it real quickly and we 'll make a few more points, if we could. A lot of fear in their faces here. You see, by the way, they all have radios, I notice they have, like, a little headset there. That allows them to communicate (UNINTELLIGIBLE)...
Immediate communications, absolutely. You see them having their sectors of fire. All these areas up in here, you know, could be subjected to people hiding, et cetera. Now you 've got people coming down that have already been cleared. Look at the fear on the faces. They don't understand what's going on.
Very calm, reassure them that this isn't about them .
Now, here's a little bit more aggressive stance. Exactly. Go ahead and stop tape...
... if you can. Obviously, that person is doing something that that soldier didn't appreciate.
... the business end of that M-16 . All right, Kelly McCann , thank you for some insights. And that -- compound that by a city of 5 million , it kind of boggles the mind and really gives you a sense of what lies head for U.S . and coalition forces . Thanks very much for your insights.
Thanks, Miles and Kelly . I 've always wondered what happened -- who covers the last man or woman in one of those operations, but that's something for your next conversation.
these are the latest developments in the war on iraq . the pentagon tonight said coalition troops have reached baghdad international airport . troops are involved in heavy fighting with iraqi forces . the pentagon says the strategy is to seize key objectives in and around baghdad . reports suggesting airport buildings have been attacked, but runways remain operational. tonight, a series of large explosions rocking central baghdad , as we 've been reporting to you over the course of this hour. coalition aircraft were heard flying overhead. it's not clear what the targets are. certainly, some of them near and around saddam hussein international airport although there have been strikes in central baghdad as well. in the course of the past hour. the army 's 3rd infantry division 1st marine division , leading the assault against baghdad . the 3rd infantry is approaching from the southwest, the 1st marines from the southeast. armored forces destroyed dozens of iraqi tanks and personnel carriers in their advance on baghdad . iraqi forces using soviet -era tanks . they stand no chance against the m1 abrams tanks used by army and marines .
by u.s . forces and which appears to be run by members of the the war began in iraq several weeks ago. the operation as it continues in the north continues to be a situation of unrest. the area around mosul described as uncertain in terms of its stability with deliberate agitation. those are the words there that general brooks used a short time ago. the unrest continues there and this follows up the shooting we talked about yesterday in which at least seven iraqis were killed by u.s . fire after they apparently came under fire trying to secure a certain part of the central part of mosul . also, news about another half- broth of saddam hussein apparently now apprehended overnight in baghdad with the i assistance of local iraqis . not sure where in baghdad , personal the person western neighborhood of mansour . you might remember last week when another half- brother of saddam hussein was picked up trying to cross into syria and that time, we have been told syria has closed its border with iraq to prevent any of that ongoing. we 'll go through all of this throughout the morning here. first, to the pentagon and barbara starr to pick up what's happening.
The interim government declared a state of emergency in Iraq excluding the Kurdish region for 60 days, according to the National Security Law introduced last August which states that emergency laws can be declared in the country for a period no more than 60 days provided a serious threat against Iraqi national security is recognised by the interim government .
Obviously, this is a necessary step that should have been taken at least two months ago. Suicide bombings and guerrilla attacks carried out by insurgents and foreign terrorists based around Baghdad have escalated to alarming levels particularly during Ramadan.
Deputy governor of Diyala along with several council members from Ba'quba were ambushed and killed in Latifiya south of Baghdad , an area which has supposedly been 'cleared' from insurgents a couple of weeks ago. Four suicide attacks in Samarra , also a recently 'liberated' area , against National Guard units and the governorate building . Zarqawi 's group claimed responsibility for the attacks.
Three police stations in Haditha , a small town west of Ramadi , were assaulted by groups of insurgents . Some 30 policemen were captured, tied up and executed in cold blood against the walls following a confrontation which lasted two hours. Zarqawi 's group , again, claiming responsibility.
A full-scale military operation against Fallujah , which is apparently underway already, seems to be the government 's 'final solution'. I 'm not optimistic to the outcome, especially when significant civilian casualties are unavoidable.
Note, that I 'm not suggesting a peaceful or political solution would work either in these areas . Insurgents west of Baghdad have quite obstinately made it clear that nothing but full control of the country , or at least the Anbar governorate , will satisfy them . They have refused to participate in the political process, they have repeatedly announced their intentions to boycott the elections and to disrupt them in other areas , and they do not recognise the government or any other authority in the country beside themselves .
The demands of the Fallujah negotiants from the government weeks ago were obscene and they clearly reflect the overt sectarianism and regionalism of the armed groups in the area . The demands were not released to the Iraqi public at the time for unkown reasons but they have leaked out days ago. Here are just a few of them:
-A clear timetable for the withdrawal of foreign occupation forces (fair enough).
-Immediate withdrawal of US and Iraqi security forces from the Anbar governorate and the handover of security responsibilities to former army officers from Anbar .
-The appointment of ministers from the Anbar governorate to the ministries of Interior, Defense, Oil and Finance.
-The removal of certain officials ( most of them from Shi'ite Islamic parties such as Ibrahim Al-Ja'fari ) from governmental positions.
-The complete return of Ba'athists , army officers , Republican Guards , Mukhabarat , intelligence and security personnel to their former positions.
-The removal of Shi'ite Edhan (call for prayers) from official television and radio programs.
-Incomes of Shi'ite sacred shrines should be returned under the control of the Ministry of Endowments and Religious Affairs .
These last two demands have been allegedly added by Sheikh Harith Al-Dhari ( head of the Association of Muslim Scholars ) and are said to have been a major reason behind the failure of negotiations with the government .
Iraqis here in the south were shocked to hear of these demands and sectarian tensions are on the rise. It scares me to see the reaction of people around me whenever Fallujah is mentioned. The director of a primary health care clinic was remarking the other day that " Fallujah should be burnt upon its residents and then razed to the ground. They are the sons of Mu'awiya , may Allah curse them all." Sidenote: Mu'awiya bin Abi Sufyan was the governor of Syria during the 7th century and he fought Imam Ali bin Abi Talib ( Muhammed 's son-in-law ) over the Caliphate after the assassination of Caliph Othman . He became the first Ummayid Caliph and two decades later, under the Caliphate of his son Yazid , Imam Hussein bin Ali ( grandson of Muhammed ) was killed by his armies at present day Karbala . Someone hushed the director and pointed out to him that I 'm Sunni . He was a bit embarrassed and tried to explain that he was referring to Wahhabis and foreign fighters . It was a bit uncomfortable and I could feel that people were giving me furtive glances.
Refugees have been pouring out of Fallujah over the last few days into Baghdad and the surrounding areas . The military operation will undoubtly aggravate the humanitarian situation inside the city since there are definitely thousands of families with no place to go. Refugees in Baghdad have confirmed the rumours that the ' Mujahideen ' are forcing men from 15-50 years old to stay and that they were threatened with execution if they refuse to carry arms in defense of the town . Majlis Shura Al-Mujahideen (The Mujahideen Advisory Council ) are in control of Fallujah and they have distributed a statement inviting Arab and foreign (including American ) media reporters to enter the town and cover the battles. The statement carried the insignia of Zarqawi 's group Qa'idat Al-Jihad .
Everyone is closely watching what the next few days will bring, hoping the violence doesn't spread to the streets of Baghdad or other areas . I 'm still holed up in Basrah but I 'll try to be on the road as soon as possible.
Virginia is apparently going to be build a data center in Richmond , a back-up data center , and a help desk/call center as a follow-on to the creation of VITA , the Virginia Information Technology Agency .
The Bristol Herald Courier editorial page is urging that the back-up center be built in Wise County to take advantage of UVA-Wise . SCHEV , of course, told the General Assembly that UVA-Wise didn't generate any economic development, so a new university in Southside wouldn't, either.
The Courier said Wise should get the center over Danville because there's no Southside university . No other candidate locations were identified.
I believe that any new state-wide service facilities should be located in either Southside or Southwest . If we can tie up all state procurement officials and all vendors in a quest to help under-represented small, minority , and woman -owned businesses , we should commit all new state facility spending in a quest to help our economically disadvantaged regions .
I like it, Will . Can we call it the ' Robert Byrd Model Of Pork Barrel Spending'?
Let' s name it after one of our profligate Republican Delegates !
Barnie , have you ever been to the National Conservation and Training Center near Shepherdstown , WVA ? That 's the only Byrd pork project I have ever visited. It is magnificent pork , truly a monument to the art.
He 'll have the Washington Monument in West Virginia , if he can just figure out how to haul it .
meanwhile, islamic jihad is claiming responsibility for a bombing today at a small israeli grocery store in israel , but near the west bank board . the store 's owner and the palestinian bomber were killed. the store is a total loss. the israelis , 63 years old was in the store , there's some indication the palestinian suicide bomber had expected more israelis to be inside, but there weren't any other israelis there he blew himself up apparently as a result, the investigation is continuing. islamic jihad has so far claimed responsibility for that. secretary of state colin powell says some progress is being made despite all of this, towards a truce involving palestinian militants . powell is wrapping up a trip to southeast asia , he 's due here in jerusalem tomorrow morning for talks with the israeli prime minister and the foreign minister . later, he 's supposed to helicopter to jericho on the west bank to meet with the palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas .
the bush administration is officially endorsing the pro-democracy demonstrations in iran . for a week now, protesters have been clashing with police and backers of the clerical regime in tehran . in turn, the iranian government has accused the bush administration of providing material support to the protesters . the state department spokesman says the demonstrations are about iran and iranians , and have nothing to do with the u.s ., but he did make it clear where u.s . sympathies lie.
New Questions About Attacking Iraq; Is Torturing Terrorists Necessary?
Welcome back. Orders went out today to deploy 17,000 U.S . Army soldiers in the Persian Gulf region . The army 's entire first Calvary division based at Fort Hood , Texas , would join the quarter million U.S . forces already in the region . We 're talking about possibilities of full scale war with former Congressman Tom Andrews , Democrat of Maine . He 's now national director of Win Without War , and former Congressman Bob Dornan , Republican of California .
Bob , one of the reasons I think so many Americans are worried about this war and so many people around the world don't want to go is there have been a lot of problems with credibility from this administration . Our president has repeatedly, for example, relied on a man whom you 're aware, Hussein Kamel , Saddam Hussein 's son-in-law , leader of the Iraq arms program who defected for a time. And gave us a whole lot of information and then went home and his father-in-law killed him . Bad move. But while he was here , he gave us a whole lot of information. Gave us a whole lot of information. Well, our president told us that information proves that the dictator had chemical weapons , which is true. But what we just learned this week from " Newsweek" magazine which got a hold of the debriefings, is that he also told us it was destroyed back in 1995. Why hasn't our president told us that? Why do we have to learn it from " Newsweek "?
I don't believe that he believed it was all destroyed. The fact that this guy was such an idiot to go back and let his father-in-law kill him shows he wasn't the most stable of people . But the things that...
Good point. But shouldn't our president have told us what the CIA told him . Why do we learn from " Newsweek ?"Should he level with us ?
Paul , look, the problem is I would stipulate all four of us hates war. Any rational person hates war. Bush isn't sitting in that White House not thinking about the body bags coming home with great young men . Clinton suffered greatly over the 19 Rangers that died, 18 on the 3rd of October and Matt Reersen (ph) three days later. I visited all their families . I was at the medal of honor ceremony for the kids . Let me tell you , what trips to Walter Reed taught me was, that whoever thought up the term, the law of unintended consequences it pertains to war. I am shook over the aftermath. But, this guy is a monster , a mini-me Hitler . He will blow a city off the earth in a minute if he can get the hold of the means to do it.
Tom Andrews , I think we all realize that a government doesn't go to war a nation goes to war. And so I would like you to take a look at the CNN /" USA TODAY "/ Gallup poll, taken last week, should U.S . troops to go to Iraq to remove Saddam Hussein from power. Take a look at it. Favor 59%, opposed 37%, that's a vastly larger support than President Bush Senior had in getting the U.S . troops out of Kuwait before that war started. That's pretty good support isn't it?
Now, Bob , come on you don't really buy this. I mean, listen, this is the oldest trick in the book. You can have a general question like this that could mean anything and ask people and they give you what comes off the top of their head. But, ask them another question, ask them what they think about spending $1.3 trillion in destroying this economy. Ask them about going and not just a war, Bob , but an invasion and occupying for up to 10 years a sovereign Arab nation in the midst of one of the most distable and volatile regions in the world . Ask them how they feel about getting bogged down. Well, I 've seen some of the figures. Once you start telling Americans the story, -- the administration refuse today tell us story. They 're not coming forward and telling us what the risks are, what the costs are, how many years we might be in, the possibility of us getting bogged down, because what Americans know that, they 're opposed to this war. The more they learn about this invasion, the more they learn about this occupation, the less they support it.
Tom , you know what liberals want. They don't want a smoking gun, they want a smoking city . The Clinton people all say...
That's going to have to be last war, unfair and unfortunate as that is, I am sorry, they 're telling us we 're out of time. Former Congressman , Bob Dornan from California ...
all lumber, no filler. that's the verdict after baseball officials x-rayed sam why sosa 's entire inventory of bat and found no evidence of cork or any other substance. that seems to support his contention that the bat got him ejected tuesday night was a fluke. still a decision on what, if any punishment he will face in the wake of that incident tuesday night. gary tuchman standing by in chicago , with the latest on the sosa saga outside of wrigley field .
reporter: leon , hello to you . three hours from now the chicago cubs take the field against the tampa bay devil rays here at wrigley field and sammy sosa will be out there with them but how long will he ? we could find out today. his punishment, suspension for using a corked bat for use -- which is illegal during a game. since the incident 33,000 fans in the stands for a night game he received a standing ovation from almost all of them . i heard a few boos but almost everyone standing. not everyone believing this man 's story, which is it was a mistake but he 's a hero here . these people want to believe his story. it happened tuesday night. in the first inning he hit a ground ball. scored a run. when he hit the ball, the bat broke. the umpires found cork in the bat. it's illegal because when you put it in the bat it makes the meat lighter. they hollow out the bat and stick the cork in there to mask the hollow sound. then you can swing it lighter and you can swing it faster. they took 76 of his bats for analysis. they x-rayed the bats. the x-rays all came back negative. but did major league baseball have all of sammy sosa 's bats?
we are, as i said, confident, based on not only the presence of security in the club house but also the level of cooperation, the record keeping that we reviewed and so forth, that we have all of the bats. so i don't want anyone to misconstrue what i said. it is conceivable because we didn't have physical presence in the club house that we do not have them all but we are very confident that we do.
i 'm man enough to take everything that i 've done for. and i still walk yesterday like a man and take the blame. but the media today, they got it like i 'm a criminal and that's something that really bothered me and hurt me as a man .
reporter: now, why did sammy sosa have this corked bat? well, he says he has it because he uses it for batting practice to put on a show for the fans . they asked him how many times he 's used it during batting practice and he says three or four times. that raises the question does major league baseball have a rule about using corked bats during batting practice. we asked
we 'll continue to watch this cramma unfold off key largo in florida . let' s much on to another important story. it's happened, of course, several times during the war in iraq , journalists caught in the line of fire and killed. israeli troops are facing a similar situation with two journalists killed in just the past two weeks. here's cnn 's cly wallace .
reporter: friday night in the gaza strip and a journalist is about to lose his life. shortly after several shots are heard an israeli bulldozer can be seen uncovering the israelis say, a tunnel used to smuggle weapons . moments later, three journalists who were covering that israeli action appear. one with tv labeled on the back of a bullet-proof vest, another carrying a white flag. judging from the videotape, they appear difficult to see in the darkness. and difficult to hear. after the journalists shout, another gunshot. moments later, another shot and the sound of someone in pain. 34-year-old british journalist james miller died on the scene after israeli soldiers come to his aid, the israeli defense sources says. he is best known for his work on two award-winning documentaries which appeared on cnn exposing the world to the taliban rule in afghanistan . now the foreign press association in israel is calling for an independent investigation.
james was not shooting and he was not with somebody shooting. so, again, to know exactly what happened we need a full-fledged inquiry.
the israeli government said its forces were returning fire and that miller was shot in the back, suggesting he could have been hit by palestinian gunmen . those close to miller believe he was shot by an armored israeli personnel carrier . we know the israelis fired. whether or not he was shot by israelis gunfire, we are not certain at this time. miller becomes the second journalist in just two weeks to be killed covering the israeli - palestinian conflict. with palestinian cameramen , shot and killed by an israeli soldier on the west bank in mid-april. with back-to-back deaths making a total of at least seven journalists killed covering the conflict in the past two and a half years.
this is very worrying and i believe the israeli army should take special measures to prevent this. the message from the israeli government is that its soldiers are not targeting journalists , but that journalists who travel to places where there could be live fire exchange between israeli forces and palestinian gunmen have a responsibility to take greater precautions.
they have to realize that this is not a game going on there . it's a life and death situation. soldiers are basically thinking about their own lives at that moment. they don't have time to hesitate. the israeli spokesman says the soldier his no choice, but to be there. journalists say
major league baseball sent its head of security to chicago to review the second incident of an on-field fan attack in the last seven months. the league is reviewing security at all ballparks to crack down on spectator violence. the kansas city royals considered not playing tonight before the team was assured that security measures have been tightened.
Jailed Anwar to attend daughter's wedding after bail hearing
Malaysia 's prison department has agreed to allow jailed politician Anwar Ibrahim to attend his daughter 's wedding ceremony Friday after his bail hearing, his lawyer said Thursday.
Anwar will be taken to the appeal court early Friday for a bail application pending his appeal to the country 's highest Federal Court againt his sodomy conviction, counsel Sankara Nair said.
Prison authorities have given the nod for Anwar to be taken home later in the afternoon to marry his eldest daughter , Nurul Izzah , to engineer Raja Ahmad Sharir Iskandar in a traditional Malay ceremony, he said.
" They have to get the green light from police . We have given an assurance that there will not be a huge crowd at the house as the guests will only comprise of family members ," he added.
The former deputy premier , sacked by Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad in 1998, was sentenced to a total 15 years in jail after being convicted of corruption and sodomy.
He completed four years in prison on a corruption charge last month and is now serving a nine-year sodomy sentence. He lost an appeal case on his sodomy sentence on April 18. Another appeal is now pending in the Federal Court .
Anwar , 56, says he was framed to prevent him from becoming a political threat to Mahathir , an allegation the government denies.
Family of wanted Briton over Tel Aviv bombing remanded in custody
Three family members of British Muslim Omar Sharif , who is wanted for the April 30 suicide bomb attack in Israel , were remanded in custody after appearing in a London court on Friday with charges in connection with the blast.
Sharif 's wife Tahari Shad Tabussum , 27, brother Zahid Hussain Sharif , 46, and sister Paveen Sharif , 35, made no application for bail at the court , according to local reports.
All of them were charged Thursday under Section 38 of the Terrorism Act 2000, which covers failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism, said the reports.
The sister was also charged under section 62 of the Terrorism Act which covers aiding and abetting acts of terrorism overseas.
Israeli authorities have claimed Sharif , 27, from Derby , was on the run after failing to blow himself up in the attack on a Tel Aviv bar .
Three people were killed and about 50 injured when another Briton , Asif Muhammad Hanif , 21, from London , detonated explosives strapped to his body.
British anti-terror police arrested six people altogether in Derbyshire , central England , and London on May 2 and 3. The other three , two men and one woman , have already been released without charge.
an international tourist in new york city did most of his sight seeing inside a hospital . health officials say they had to forcibly detain the man who exhibited possible sars symptoms. officials say the unnamed tourist had knicks tickets and was determined to use them. here are some numbers to put the spread of sars in perspective for you . across the globe , there have been almost 5,000 documented cases of sars in 27 different countries . china , the country where sars originated, has been the hardest hit, with thousands of cases and more than 100 deaths. here in the united states , however, there have been no deaths among the 41 probable cases of sars. 17 states have probable cases while another 21 states have suspected cases. but just to put the threat of sars in perspective, in the united states , 284 people died last year from the west nile virus while 36,000 people die every year from the flu.
comes with someone involved in case of a 22-year-old disabled woman in florida . they talk about her current predicament. a mind of toddler . raped while in state care, pregnant. and forced in the spotlight when jeb bush tried to get a guardian appointed for her fetus. predicament goes hard enough to describe that. to continue a pregnancy that her lawyer says she is not aware of but the decision wasn't based on the advice of the governor . here's cnn 's susan candyioti .
reporter: we know her only by her initial, this mother to be, jds . only 22 years old with no known family . police say she has the mental capacity a 1-year-old . according to court filing, jds has cerebral palsy and she 's autistic. she didn't become pregnant by choice, she was raped, police say in a group home overseen by the state of florida . jds is now more than six months pregnant. since she 's incapable of make her own decision, a florida judge based his decision on below to give birth on the recommendation. two doctor agreed jds is, "in good health," two sono grams reveal, no obvious or significant fetal abnormalities. although, jds is autistic, a guardian says jds appears to be responsive north just setting in a semiconscious state all the time. still undecided, an appeal by governor jeb bush , who wants the guardian apointed for the fetus. he says the unborn child must be protected. however, a spokesman for the governor says he calls the court ruling for jds , not to abort the baby, compassionate and humane. last month in miami , a judge ordered an abortion for another severely disabled raped woman who had been living this a state -regulated home . in that case, the young woman 's mother approved the abortion.
and in this case, there are a lot of unanswered questions still. for example, what will happen to the baby , and what will happen to jds ? of course, according to the guardian , she 's very worried about that, too, and she has warned the court that she hopes the mother will be placed in a better home when all of this is over, one where she is far better protected than she was by the state in a home where police say she was raped. aaron ?
well, two questions. do they know who the rapist is? that's sort a yes or no, i suppose. and the other is, has the state done anything? is it doing anything to tighten up security in these places with respect defenseless people are being attacked?
reporter: well, first of all, regarding the rape, they hope to find out who the father is once she gives birth because they will analyze dna from the baby in order to try to determine paternity in this case. and the governor has ordered a panel of experts now to study this issue of security, far better security than is clearly needed for people such as this woman , jds , living in group homes .
well, we will wait for the report. thank you , susan . susan candiotti in florida . coming up on "newsnight," a cease-fire in the middle east , is there one or is not lots of talk. actions say different. we 'll talk to a palestinian legal representative , their legal adviser when we continue from new york .
american airlines not out of the woods yet. for the latest on the company to avoid bankruptcy, check with rhonda schaffler .
hi there. interesting story because we thought things were wrapped up a couple district attorneys ago. now, the flight attendants are calling for a new vote on the concessions contract. and if it's rejected the largest airline may have to file for bankruptcy. what's go on is that union members became outraged after learning about the airline 's executive compensation plan where woi would have paid huge bonuses even in bankruptcy. on friday, american withdrew the plan and its chief executive even apologized to union leaders . union members are still sang gri and they are demanding another vote. american and its rivals have suffered from declines in business travel. over the past three years, businesses have been cutting back their travel expenses to save money. and now experts say they 're going to keep doing that, even when the economy picks up, e-mail, video, web conferencing becoming popular alternatives to face-to-face meetings. also fining cheap fares on internet or using low fare airlines . according to business travel coalition , younger techs heavy managers aren't so keen on jumping on a plane . they 'd rather use
U.S., Britain drafting resolution limiting U.N. role in Iraq to humanitarian relief
The United States and Britain are preparing a resolution that would give the United Nations a role in humanitarian relief but not peacekeeping in Iraq , a senior official in U.S . President George W. Bush 's administration said Friday.
Separately, the United States has decided to divide the military and humanitarian relief mission in Iraq into three parts under American , British and Polish command, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Six European countries have agreed to contribute troops to the British and Polish sectors to create an international stability force , the official said.
The draft resolution would limit the U.N . role to helping with refugees and displaced people , reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said. The United States and Britain agree on all but a few of the fine details of the resolution, the official said, though there is no timetable on when it would be introduced.
U.N . officials are already in Iraq providing humanitarian relief. U.N . Secretary General Kofi Annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar Iraq , although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country .
``Take the question of security. I don't think the U.N . would want to take on that,'' Annan said. ``There has been a suggestion that the U.N . wanted to take over the whole Iraq and run it , which was also not the case.'' What the United Nations could contribute beyond humanitarian assistance was ``political facilitation,'' Annan said.
The proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other U.N . Security Council members who have favored a U.N .-convened conference of the kind that helped establish Afghanistan 's post- Taliban government .
U.S . Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld discussed the resolution with Prime Minister Tony Blair and Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon on Friday as Rumsfeld returned from a tour of Iraq , Afghanistan and the Persian Gulf region . Rumsfeld said afterward he hoped the U.N . would play a role but did not publicly discuss the draft resolution outlining that role.
Hoon , who joined Rumsfeld in a news conference at Heathrow airport , also did not mention the draft resolution.
`` We are right to be optimistic about the way forward'' in Iraq , Hoon said.
International stability forces will be sent to Iraq as soon as possible, the U.S . official said, though it was unclear when that would be. Those troops will work to restore and maintain order and supervise humanitarian projects such as the restoration of water and electricity and delivery of food and medical aid.
The six nations contributing troops are Italy , Spain , Ukraine , Denmark , the Netherlands and Bulgaria , the official said. Representatives of those countries will meet with British officials May 7 and Polish officials May 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under British or Polish command.
The U.S . part of the stability force will be comprised of American troops . While that portion is likely to consist of a military division  _  about 20,000  _  the troop strength of the other two sectors has yet to be determined, the official said.
The international stabilization force would be under the U.S . war commander , Gen . Tommy Franks .
At least initially, the coalition stability forces will augment rather than replace the 135,000 American troops inside Iraq , the official said. The stability forces will focus on providing security and humanitarian relief while other U.S . troops focus on rooting out leftover members of Saddam Hussein 's government and other armed elements in Iraq .
Rumsfeld said, however, that the more troops other countries contribute to the stability effort, the fewer U.S . troops will be needed inside Iraq .
Planning for both the U.N . resolution and the international security force left out France , Germany and Russia , three U.S . allies that vehemently opposed the war in Iraq .
Some of the NATO members who agreed to send troops may want NATO authorization for that action, the official said. Requests for such authorization will be routed through the alliance 's defense planning committee , which does not include France , the official said.
The outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference Hoon hosted Wednesday with representatives from 16 countries , mostly NATO members . Other countries including the Philippines , South Korea , Qatar and Australia agreed to send other help such as field hospitals , engineers , explosive ordnance disposal teams or nuclear, biological and chemical weapons experts .
The U.S ., British and Polish sectors will be drawn to take into account ethnic, religious, tribal and political factions within Iraq , the official said. For example, although ethnic Kurds are the majority in large parts of northern Iraq , there are also large numbers of Kurds within Baghdad .
Some Arab countries also want to play a role in the stability operation in Iraq but are reluctant to send troops because of political, religious and ethnic considerations, the official said. Countries in the Gulf Cooperation Council have offered to donate money for the effort.
Rumsfeld also met Friday with King Abdullah of Jordan , an American ally in the Middle East . Defense officials say Jordan provided key help in the Iraq war, acting as a staging area for U.S . special operations raids into western Iraq to prevent missiles from being fired at Jordan or Israel .
going to use it in those patients * * his dandruff shampoo wasn't tough enough for black, so i bought him maximum strength selsun blue. it's doctor recommended and works fast. selsun blue. that have riveted the nation . first, a big hearing tomorrow in the scott peterson case. punishing prosecutors . it could all be up for grabs. then the texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home about him stuck to her windshield and leaving him there to die. and andrew luster , grandson of cosmetic legend max factor . what drove him to become a serial rapist and to jump bail in the middle of the trial. only to be captured in mexico by a bounter hunter after five months on the roun. that's all next on " larry king live ." we begin first with the extraordinary case of andrew luster . and the guests are here in los angeles , roger john diamond . he is andrew luster 's attorney . in chicago , the well known bill curtis . the special report will air tonight at 10:00 eastern, a twisted mind, the andrew luster story on a &amp; e produced by cbs news productions for a &amp; e and bill curtis is the producer and director . in new york is nancy grace . a former prosecutor . in atlanta chris picksly , defense attorney . and in new york , dr . michael wellner who published the research study on drug facilitated rapists . he 's a professor of psychiatry at nyu , chairman of the forensic panel and fellow of the depravity scale that considers sensational crimes for sentencing. he was arrested in june after he he -- jumped trial on bail.
as we said, earlier this week, christine todd whitman stepped doup and now a whole lot of analysis is taking place as to why she stepped down, the job she 's done when she was in office and the job that has yet to be complete. from our new york bureau as i was introducing a moment ago, dan fagen , the environment writer for news day and dan , whitman did consider herself sort of the republican environmentalist . but now there's been an awful lot of monday night quarterback quarterbacking taking place now that she 's teped down. what do you suppose took place here?
i think many people have watched this stration in action and watched chis tee whitman in action. the mystery is that she took the job in the first place or didn't leave earlier. she was quite a misfit for this administration , and she showed that over and over. she was not good at all at communicating the administration 's message to the public and certainly to the environmental groups and she was even worse at bringing the epa bureaucracy, the epa environmental policy makers ' message to this administration because she saw herself undercut over and over.
that's interesting because leading into it, while she was new jersey governor , she sued the epa and she was very much considering herself to be an environmentalist , and then only to end up becoming the head of the epa and then of course, there was a lot of criticism over relaxed regulations. let's hear what she had to say last wednesday here on cnn just after announcing her resignation.
i 'm not leaving because of clashes with the administration , in fact, i haven't had any. i report to the president , and he has always asked me to give him my best unadulterated advice. we have have been on the same page. i was never supportive of protocol because it didn't do what everyone needs to get done as far as climate change is concerned. i 'm leaving now because it's the appropriate time to do it.
dan , do you agree with that? she says the appropriate time. do you suppose for personal reasons or perhaps she was out of step with the administration ?
i 'm sure that it was difficult for her personally, but i think the commuter marriage perhaps would have been less stressful if everyday she didn't see herself being undermined and overruledded. i mean if christy whitman and the white house were on the same page, i don't think i 've seen a book large enough to contain a page that big. over and over there were many, many instances over the last
Well, rescued American prisoner of war Jessica Lynch is expected to arrive at Ramstein air base in Germany just about an hour from now. CNN will have live coverage of her arrival. Lynch was rescued in a daring raid by U.S . forces on the Saddam hospital in Nasiriya . This nightscope video shows troops carrying the 19-year-old Army private to a Blackhawk helicopter . We know, though, that 11 bodies were also recovered in this operation, and military officials say they are working now to identify them . When she 's in Germany , Lynch will be treated for bullet wounds and broken bones. She 's reported to be in stable condition. She and more than a dozen other members of her Army maintenance unit were ambushed near Nasiriya more than a week ago.
Meantime in Palestine , West Virginia , there is a lot of joy over the news of Jessica Lynch 's rescue. Her father , mother and other family members say they never gave up hope, despite their fears of what might have happened. And they say they are grateful to her rescuers .
I can't really say how the military is functioning over there because I 'm not there. But they are doing a job, you know, I don't know the thoughts of the soldiers , the men and women that went into that building and brought her out. They are heroes in my book.
West Virginia 's United States Senator Robert Byrd is also praising the rescue.
She was rescued in a daring effort by the brave Army rangers and Navy SEALS . And today she is safe. Safe. Safe once again. Her state of West Virginia is relieved. Her community is exuberant. Her family is overjoyed. I spoke with Jessica Lynch 's father last evening and shared with him our thoughts and good wishes.
Senator Byrd called the rescue miraculous. We 'll have more on the march toward Baghdad after a quick break. We preview the potential battles ahead and the strategies in play when we check in with our military analyst .
I hope they get a little rest. When we come back, one of the many sad aspects of this war, humanitarian aid rushed to people who need it but not everybody gets what they came for. Slowly humanitarian aid is rolling into southern Iraq but dramatic scenes like this one of a crowd tearing into the supplies on a convoy truck only underscores how desperate the need is. Correspondent Martin Geissler files this report from the Iraqi town of Safwan .
As our convoy rolled through southern Iraq the desperation of the people here soon became evident. In trucks and on foot they came to the town of Safwan . These people have been without food or water supplies since the war began. Now they are desperate. Within seconds the Kuwaiti aid workers who had organized this trip were overpowered by the mob . These desperate scenes are exactly what the aide agencies wanted to avoid. This is survival of the fittest . Only the healthy and strong can get to the food. The weak and the ill are left with nothing. Despite this effort to help the Iraqi people , resentment is never far away.
We hate U.S . We hate British , England . We hate any state in war here .
As the supplies ran out the mood swung from frantic to ugly. Delivery drivers were threatened. One of the buses in our convoy was held up at knifepoint. The troops have moved into Safwan . We , as a consequence, have had to move out. It's simply too dangerous. This is a clear indication that despite the coalition reassurances that this part of Iraq is safe and despite the aid being brought into the people here , it is still a very, very volatile area . Tonight here the strong are eating. The weak still go hungry. Martin Geissler , ITV News , Safwan southern Iraq .
So many different pictures we are getting from across that country . Well, they are making their voices heard at home and abroad . When we return, Americans this weekend are marching against the war and in support of the troops . We 'll check out some of the demonstrations. Here in the United States this weekend just as they did last weekend, anti-war protesters taking to the street . In Los Angeles , the International Black Coalition for Peace and Justice is sponsoring a rally for peace today. Congresswoman Maxine Waters was among those scheduled to attend. In the meantime further north in California , San Francisco is the setting today for a rally aimed at boosting the moral of the American troops in the Persian Gulf region . CNN 's Rusty Dornin is with us from San Francisco . Rusty , what sort of crowd is showing up there ?
Well Judy , this is the largest group really we 've seen of the support the troops rallies that have been over the last few weeks. Of course this is the home of the anti- war demonstrations stemming back to the Vietnam War but there are close to between 500 and 1,000 people . I 'm getting various estimates on the crowd . We did want to show you an interesting thing here. Some folks are showing some solidarity with the speakers here. You 're looking at some of San Francisco 's police department 's officers . I did ask them why they did that. They said they were wearing skullcaps so they decided to adopt this to show solidarity. They said the department has not made any statement about whether they think that's all right or not. This has been a very peaceful demonstration. As I said, the officers did tell me that this is the largest pro- troops demonstration that has ever been in San Francisco since the Vietnam War. So far, very peaceful. As I said, there have been a few verbal exchanges but one of the most enthusiastically received speakers here was Bessam Al-Husaini , an Iraqi American . He 's with the Iraqi American Council . How do you feel about supporting the troops ? How does the Iraqi American Council feel?
Well the Iraqi American have been waiting for this liberation and they want to get rid of Saddam so bad and they will have to take it the way it's been offered to us .
How do you feel though seeing pictures of civilians injured in the bombings?
We get reports that these civilians especially in the (INAUDIBLE) population have been attacked by the Iraqi regime themselves so they can't blame the American and said look what the American doing to us . He would love to see this and would draw on this emotion from the Arab world and the European country .
Now you said you did talk to your family in Baghdad as well and they also are somewhat suspicious of the Americans .
Well, I mean the Iraqi people have been the primary victim from the whole thing. Yeah my family , you know, still in fear. You know they stay in one room . They boarded all the - all the windows and they built with a brick one of the windows facing the street . I mean yes, you know, my prayer to them but we can only do so much. Hopefully it will be a short war. It will be attack the Iraqi regime . We can live in liberty and freedom soon.
Now I understand some of the people here have been threatened by anti-war protesters . Have you had anyone either threatening you or ...
No, no problem. This has been a very peaceful demonstration.
Bessam Al-Husaini here and it has been a very peaceful demonstration. It is wrapping up this afternoon and it looks like the civil disobedience acts by the anti-protesters are scheduled to get underway once again next week. Judy ...
Czech President Vaclav Klaus on Monday appointed Miroslav Kostelka as the country 's new defense minister to replace Jaroslav Tvrdik who resigned from the post in late May.
The decision was made in response to the recommendation of Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla .
Kostelka , 52, was first deputy defense minister and an ex- general .
At the end of last month, Tvrdik submitted his resignation in protest against planned cuts in defense spending as part of the government 's finance reforms.
Under the planned package of public finance reforms, only 2.05 percent of the country 's gross domestic product (GDP) will be allocated for the defense budget. Tvrdik said the military reform could not be completed thoroughly with so little money.
Tvrdik , who took over the defense ministry in May 2001, also announced that he would quit his post in the parliament and give up his position in the ruling party Social Democrats .
Prime Minister Spidla said Monday that the ongoing military reform should continue, with regard to the government 's planned public finance reforms.
The appointment marked the second change of the cabinet post since the Spidla -led government came into power in July 2002.
we 're getting breaking news to us , from jerusalem . we understand there has been an explosion there . this right now, again, following up in the last few days of violent activity we 've seen in the wake of what was widely perceived to be as progress in the peace process. we understand that a bus has been -- exploded. we are hearing it happened indown town jerusalem . do we have mike hanna available? trying to get mike hanna or jerusalem bureau chief , who was just on the air with us a matter of minutes ago. with the latest update on what was happening there and it appears in the time since we 've talked to mike and also talked to professor about the peace process, evidence again that the resistance to any progress does continue. we are now hearing once again, this coming to us off associated press wires there was an explosion there and we understand that several people have been killed. again, this is what we 're getting from the associated press . we 're trying to get ahold of our reporters in jerusalem to give us the latest. and this being the latest in a series of what has become an almost customary tit for tat exchange of violent activity. last week, if you may recall, there was a strike on afraid in which a number of israeli soldiers killed, that executed by coordinated group of islamic jihad as well as al ak satisfy martyr brigades , and hamas all claiming responsibility for that and the strike ordered by sharon against the palestinian leadership going, targeting a top leader , mr. rantissi who escaped the helicopter rocket attack on his motorcade . however, two others who were there did die. this now, this happened over the weekend and then this morning, w are hearing it appear as though perhaps there has been another retaler to strike of some kind. we can't con foirm that is what happened. all we can tell you , there was an explosion on a bus in jerusalem in ventral -- central jerusalem . a number of people killed, perhaps several people being killed in the explosion, which happened just moments ago. once again, we 're trying to get ahold of our mike hanna , who was just with us on the phone. i believe mike is over in jerusalem in the bureau working the telephones, trying to get as much information as he can and once be he gets something we 'll deliver it to you . we 'll take a break and when we come back, we 'll pick up coverage of this development in jerusalem with mike hanna . how's that new analyst doing? he 's really hit the ground running. even the traders are complimenting him . [crash] interesting stock presentation this morning. [whoosh] when you manage the kind of money we do, you tend to be a little more demanding. evergreen . investments that stand the test of time.
moving onto the laci peterson case bill , an unusual request from scott peterson 's attorney . a pair of laci peterson 's missing shoes could be very important evidence in scott 's murder trial. she asking anyone who finds the pair to give them back. no sign of geragos or peterson in court yesterday when a judge was considering whether to unseal warrants obtained before scott peterson 's arrest. peterson awaiting trial in the murder of his wife lace sand their unborn son . joining us , beth caras . good morning once again. thanks for being with us .
Dominating the city gates to Basra . Saddam Hussein and his henchmen still claim to control this southern port . But the British want to send a powerful symbolic message. Soldiers are here to tear down the regime and all it stands for. By the time they leave Iraq , they 're determined Saddam and his Ba'ath Party will have bitten the dust. The approach can seem frustratingly slow, but day by day, the Desert Rats are exerting more control. Checkpoints meant to filter out Iraqi hardliners . (on camera): They 're well within striking distance of the mortars and rockets of the Fedayeen militia , but they 're prepared to take that risk to try and persuade the people of Basra that they won't desert them , that they 'll stick with this however messy it gets. (voice-over): Drastic action is need to convince a dubious population .
We watched a nighttime raid on the homes of Ba'ath Party officials and Fedayeen militia . These are men singled out by locals and believed by army intelligence to be behind much of the brutality and corruption. Most are not accused of specific crimes but suspected of being part of the state-sponsored climate of fear.
The party 's influence extends to every corner of Iraqi society. In two small communities , we witnessed more than 70 people being rounded up. Some are clearly terrified of what lies ahead, uncertain of their fate, overcome by nerves. But as it ended, there was no British apology for the scale of the operation.
We came in firm, we came in fair. There was no shots fired. We gave a good warning before we came in. We 've been playing warnings to people to stay in their houses , and we 've only lifted those people we 've got very good intelligence on.
This is not a tactic that can be regularly repeated, or the British risk being accused of installing their own rule of terror. Despite the discomfort of a few , there's a conviction that this is a night's work that will benefit the majority. Juliet Bremner in Basra .
Well, there has been a terrible discovery by some other British troops in southern Iraq . Up next, evidence at a makeshift morgue points to mass executions by the Iraqi regime . But first, more scenes from today's fighting in Baghdad .
the same part of the world , high winds, high seas , three fishermen rescued near vancouver by a royal caribbean cruise ship . the men held on the sinking vessel until the passenger ship was able to reach them . a cruise line spokesman said if it were not for the fisherman 's protective suits, they probably would not have stayed warm enough to survive. the same part of the world in which we had that other incident the other day, about 52 degrees that water temp. that is chilly. that's a job, huh? here is jack . question of the day.
worst job you ever snad high-profile people who are taking it on the arthur and heading for other places. the lady at the pentagon saying she was leaving, saying it had been an honor serving her post but she 's leaving for personal reasons. frank keating leaving a commission set up to look into allegations of sex abuse in the catholic church , he decided to quit after he made comments comparing uncooperative church bishops to la cosa nosta , other folks , ari fleischer . we thought it might be interesting to share tales of the worst job you ever had. why did you leave it? you can e-mail us -- this done count, sorry. crews all going, this one right here?
i spent one summer at the university of nevada waxing dormer to floors and moving furniture in buildings
Canadian premier fined for drunken driving on Hawaiian vacation
The premier of the western Canadian province of British Columbia pleaded no contest to driving drunk during a Hawaiian vacation in January.
Gordon Campbell was ordered to pay fines and fees totaling $913, complete a 14-hour alcohol assessment program and have a substance abuse assessment. Under a no contest plea, the defendant neither admits nor denies the charge but agrees not to contest it.
`` Mr . Campbell is sufficiently embarrassed and ashamed for what he did, as well he should be,'' District Judge Reinette Cooper said Monday.
Campbell was not in court. Lawyer Steven Barta said his client had already completed the required programs in Canada . He also brought a check from Campbell to pay the fines and fees.
In the provincial capital of Victoria , Campbell said he was treated fairly and no longer drinks alcohol.
Campbell , 55, was pulled over Jan. 10 after police observed him driving erratically in a rented sport-utility vehicle . Campbell 's blood-alcohol reading was 0.161 percent, more than twice the legal limit, in a roadside sobriety test.
In a tearful news conference after returning to Vancouver two days later, Campbell apologized to British Columbians , but refused to resign as premier . He said he drank three martinis and some wine before getting behind the wheel.
all one of the many young faces that bear the heavy mark of war. the story of one boy who 's lucky enough to be alive. i 'm mary snow with this check of head lines. american airlines ' fate is hanging on its flight attend attendant's union . it's narrowly rejected union today. if the workers don't approve the steep cut backs american says it will file for bankruptcy. yesterday american pilots mechanics approved their share $1.8 billion in labor concession. america warns it will seek more layoffs if it does file for chapter 11. number of companies are planning to cut their payrolls. motorola saying it will eliminate another 3,000 jobs, 3 % of its work force . let' s look at the latest numbers on the dow. wall street stocks are mixed. the dow industrials down 64 points. nasdaq up about 13 points. that's the latest from wall street. cnn live today continues after this.
there was a time when offspring of london 's rich and famous were rolled through hyde park by black-clad nannies pushing silver cross prams . the high-end baby carriage company went bust last year. but a toymaker and one man 's dream have put the silver cross pram back on the stroller circuit. here's jim boulden .
reporter: a well-heeled baby like princess , seen. the distinctive karbages stroll tlued london 's fashionable parks way nanny at the ready. that is, until silver cross went out of business last year. all is not lost for the rich and famous baby . a toy company bought the silver cross name so they could make toy versions. then one former worker persuaded the company to let him make the real ones again.
i went away for two weeks, reflected on my future and feel i couldn't convince myself until it was over. i felt t7ire was something else too, much history behind silver cross to end is now.
reporter: he bought the machinery, moved to a new factory , rehired some of the old workers and started heritage programs. it's been near lay year since the last programme was manufactured at the old factory . this one is bellmore oh 1, the first to cull off the new line and destined for harrod's . it was hand delivered to harrod harrod 's by the new chief executive nick paxton who wouldn't trust its futcher to anyone else. the store is now
spy to help free private jessica lynch . * * lara hijacking in 1995 has been captured by u.s . forces in or near baghdad . this was the italian ship that was taken -- that was captured by palestinian terrorists back in 1985 and some may remember the story of leon clinghover , he was in a cheal chair and the terrorists shot him and pushed him over the side of the ship into the mediterranean where he obviously, died. this man , abu abbas has lived an i tin rant life, he 's been in tunas . he 's been in libya and he 's been living under the protection of saddam hussein in baghdad , but he is wanted for murder in italy italy . there are charges, u.s . charges which have expired but could, i am told, possibly be re -- restarted for piracy, hostage taking and conspiracy. so this is one of the oldest cases of terrorism that is one of the oldest cases that has not been closed to date t. now look as if this man abu absaas in u.s . hands . miles ?
reporter: for martha stewart seems business is everything. and everywhere. stewart has found the road to fortune wherever she has traveled.
i think the temptation for any successful entrepreneur to go global.
reporter: her marketing vision also included kmart a company that recently emerged from bankruptcy.
reporter: stewart is associated with kmart since 1987 and been very successful. the goal had been to bring affordable style to the masse
there's a reason she was successful. and the stuff that she 's created people like.
it's good. it's useful. it's appealing. it's attractive and it's cheap.
reporter: even as kmart struggled through financial difficulties, stewart stuck by the company .
it's hard to run out on a partner that 's down. that's not our style.
reporter: now stewart is hoping people don't run out on her . the celebrity indicted on charges stemming from the sale of imclone stock. stewart and former imclone ceo sam waksal shared a broker who now also faces charges of obstruction of justice and perjury.
her defense has been that she had a standing sell order at $60 and when the stock fell below 60 the broker supposed to, you know make the trade. she 's been standing with that story. the broker standing by that story. the only reason it's not holding is because there are other people that the merrill lynch that investigated and didn't find proof that was actually the case.
reporter: after stewart was charged by federal authorities wednesday, her lawyers issued a statement in which they said, quote, martha stewart has done nothing wrong. the accusation that martha stewart sold the imclone shares based on inside information proved to be false.
if she lied, then that is the obstruction of justice charge. that's the criminal side. that's where the prison time comes in.
reporter: for stewart , the fallout from the past year taken a tremendous toll.
martha stewart told me that the investigation itself had cost her about $400 million. in decline in her stock, legal fees, and lost business opportunities.
reporter: ironic, considering the sale of the imclone stock resulted in a gain of less than $50,000.
she 'll never fully recover. you know, it's almost like e.g. you get off the hook, but are you really off the hook because people always believe you were guilty. and it's hard to win back that sort of brand equity that she 's lost.
reporter: stewart is vowing to clear her name of the charges.
she is so focused and so determined that this investigation, while terribly upsetting, has not been something that's stood in her way. as only she would, she said, look, i don't lose any sleep. i still sleep my three or four hours a night.
reporter: he says stewart is still taken aback by the reaction to her legal troubles.
i think she 's been stunned at how much joy so many people have taken at her misfortune. she doesn't quite understand that the perfectionism that made her so famous also makes people say, oh, isn't it fun to see someone like that have a big, big problem?
reporter: a perfectionism reflected in even the smallest details of stewart 's life.
martha doesn't like to talk about how unpleasant things have been, but you can get signals of it in surprising ways. when we sat down to lunch, she had put out these beautiful chop sticks which i commented orion. she said, in china , the person with the thinnest chop sticks has the highest social status. and of course, i had to get the thinnest chop sticks. then she paused and said, that's why people hate me .
reporter: love her or hate her , martha stewart has tied every aspect of her image to her business. even her daily calendar turned into a marketing tool.
she said to me once that my life is "the truman show" and meant i 'm always on. from the time i get up until i go to bed, the whole world is watching.
and it's a day in court for 16 of the suburban chicago high school girls involved in a violent hazing incident last month. they 're facing misdemeanor charges. mothers of two of the students at glenbrook north high school have also been named on misdemeanor charges of supplying beer to the teenagers .
Iraq's U.N. ambassador meets Annan, won't discuss future plans
Iraq 's U.N . Ambassador Mohammed Al-Douri , the first Iraqi official to concede defeat in the U.S .-led war, met privately with Secretary-General Kofi Annan , but refused to talk about rumors that he was planning to leave New York .
``No comment at all. This is my last word to you ,'' he told hordes of journalists who chased him Thursday at his New York residence and U.N . headquarters seeking comment on his talks with the secretary-general , his future and the war.
Asked who should govern Iraq , Al-Douri said: `` I have nothing to do with that.''
Annan also declined to comment on Thursday's meeting with Al-Douri .
With the fall of Baghdad Wednesday, Al-Douri declared ``the game is over'' and expressed hope that the Iraqi people will now be able to live in peace. He said he had not been in touch with Baghdad .
Beside meeting with Annan , Al-Douri spent several hours during the late morning and afternoon meeting with ambassadors and diplomats in the Delegate's Lounge .
`` I wished him good luck but I don't know what he said to the secretary-general and what will be his next steps,'' said Arab League Secretary-General Amr Moussa , who talked with Al-Douri before his own meeting with Annan .
In an interview with The Associated Press Wednesday night, Al-Douri said he will continue to work at the United Nations and had no intention of defecting.
``Defecting from who ?'' he asked. `` I think the government has already defected. There is no more Iraqi government to be defected from.''
Annan said early Thursday  _  before meeting Al-Douri  _  that in talks with the envoy Monday, `` he didn't ask for an asylum or protection ... (and) he didn't ask me for help with his status.''
`` We did talk about what happens, depending on the evolution of things on the ground,'' Annan said.
The ambassador had vehemently defended his country for months as the United States and its allies sought U.N . backing for war on Iraq . Privately, many U.N . diplomats see him as a respectable colleague .
`` I sympathize with his need to create a new life for himself ,'' said Britain 's U.N . Ambassador Jeremy Greenstock .
Al-Douri taught international law at Baghdad University for over 30 years before becoming a diplomat in 1999, first at the United Nations in Geneva and since early 2001 at U.N . headquarters in New York .
He said in the AP interview he would love to return to teaching but for now he plans to remain at the United Nations . ``Things will be crystalized one day,'' he said.
``What I worried about is that things are settled in the country ... so in the future the Iraqi people will live in peace without sanctions, without wars, without suffering. This is my message.''
Separately, lawyers who claim that Iraq helped plan the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people asked a judge at a federal court in New York to force Al-Douri to testify in the case and hold the envoy in contempt, saying they worry that he would flee the country .
But U.N . spokesman Fred Eckhard said Al-Douri still has diplomatic immunity as Iraq 's ambassador . Under U.N . rules, a new Iraqi government would have to ask to represent the country , which the General Assembly would then consider.
`` He is still Iraq 's ambassador at the United Nations ,'' White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said in Washington . ``Legally, that is the way it works at the U.N .''
Larry Klayman , chairman of Judicial Watch , which represent 14 survivors and victims ' relatives who have filed a $1.5 billion federal lawsuit against Iraq in Washington , said his organization had served a subpoena on Al-Douri twice, on March 26 and March 28, but said he has not responded.
U.S . District Judge John S. Martin did not immediately rule but scheduled a hearing for next week.
The April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah federal building was the deadliest terrorist strike on American soil at the time. The suit claims Iraqi officials provided money and training to convicted bomber Timothy McVeigh and conspirator Terry Nichols . McVeigh was executed in 2001, and Nichols is serving a life sentence.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld took part in a Q&amp;A with the troops today that was anything but cozy. Disgruntled soldiers complained to Rumsfeld about long deployments and a lack of armored vehicles and other equipment. From the Associated Press : " You go to war with the Army you have," Rumsfeld replied, "not the Army you might want or wish to have."
Spc . Thomas Wilson had asked the defense secretary , "Why do we soldiers have to dig through local landfills for pieces of scrap metal and compromised ballistic glass to up-armor our vehicles ?" Shouts of approval and applause arose from the estimated 2,300 soldiers who had assembled to see Rumsfeld .
" We do not have proper armored vehicles to carry with us north," Wilson , 31, of Nashville , Tenn ., concluded after asking again.
Wilson , an airplane mechanic whose unit , the 278th Regimental Combat Team of the Tennessee Army National Guard , is about to drive north into Iraq for a one-year tour of duty, put his finger on a problem that has bedeviled the Pentagon for more than a year. Rarely, though, is it put so bluntly in a public forum.
Rumsfeld said the Army was sparing no expense or effort to acquire as many Humvees and other vehicles with extra armor as it can. What is more, he said, armor is not the savior some think it is.
" You can have all the armor in the world on a tank and a tank can (still) be blown up," he said. Can't say that's the most comforting answer.
another story out of belgrade , violence at the highest form. the serbian prime minister , zoran djindjic has died of his wounds after being shot, an assassination attempt. apparently, he was on his way to greet reporters at the time outside the main government office there in belgrade . all this happening about 90 minutes ago based on the wire reports we 're getting here . the word from serbia , zoran djindjic , the prime minister , is dead. earlier reports said he was shot in the back, as well as the stomach.
a man in new york is facing attempted murder charges after allegedly throwing his baby seven stories to the ground below. jordeena ginsburg from news 12 westchester has the story.
reporter: police measure the spot where ten months old miana williams landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window at this apartment building . the baby fell 80 feet. these tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life. the baby 's aunt didn't want her face shown on tv but told us she was stunned.
i 'm glad she 's alive. it's a miracle she survived.
reporter: now willie williams the girl 's father is qharthd attempted murder. it all started around 11:30 saturday night, when williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother , jasmine . he wanted to date her again and she wasn't interested. cops say he allegedly kidnapped her in his car and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home . that's when police say he grabbed her daughter .
the father allegedly picked the baby up, dangled it out the window of the seventh floor , pulled the child back in.
reporter: then the baby 's mother made a frantic call to police . while she was on the phone, police say williams picked up the child again and this time, threw her out the window. then police say the baby 's mother pulled out a kitchen knife opinion on the 911 tape you can hear williams tape say "go ahead kill me ." still bleeding, he ran downstairs and scooped up the baby and took the baby to the hospital . police were on his trail and found williams and the baby at mem norial hospital where
Jack Welch seeks details on estranged wife's work in divorce case
Retired General Electric Co . Chairman Jack Welch is seeking work-related documents of his estranged wife in his high-stakes divorce case.
The Welches disclosed their plans to divorce a year ago, shortly after Suzy Wetlaufer  _  then editor of the Harvard Business Review 
_ revealed she had become romantically involved with Welch while working on a story about him .
In court papers filed this week in state Supreme Court in New York , Welch requested a deposition next month of David Heleniak , a senior partner in the law firm of Shearman &amp; Sterling in New York . He also wants to subpoena all documents maintained in Jane Beasley Welch 's personnel file by Shearman &amp; Sterling , a prestigious corporate law firm where she worked before she married Welch .
Welch specifically is seeking performance evaluations, correspondence between his estranged wife and partners while she worked at the law firm 's office in London , and documents related to her prospects of becoming a partner .
Welch also wants details on Jane Beasley Welch 's salary, benefits, retirement plan and other compensation paid to her .
Michael York , one of Jack Welch 's attorneys , called the move routine.
A judge ruled in February that depositions in the divorce case will remain confidential.
Earlier documents in the case have included embarrassing details about perks Welch received as part of his retirement package from GE at a time when corporate scandals were sparking outrage.
The court order was requested by Jack Welch 's attorney , Daniel K. Webb , who said Welch would likely be asked about his business dealings, his health and entries in his personal diary.
Webb also said details of the breakdowns of the Welches ' previous marriages were likely to come up, and cited reports of alleged extramarital affairs by both .
Welch has previously failed in an attempt to temporarily seal a financial affidavit. That document detailed monthly outlays of some $51,000 for upkeep on a half-dozen houses scattered from Massachusetts to Florida , more than $52,000 for gifts and nearly $9,000 for food and drink, among other expenses.
That report filed just a short time ago. Well, CNN analyst Ken Pollack who is with the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution is with me now. He is an expert on the Iraqi military and its tactics and weapons . Ken Pollack , that resistance that we just saw the British troops dealing with, you and I were talking earlier today. The story the last few days has been the surprising level of resistance but you 're telling me your sense is that the coalition forces are beginning to adjust to that.
 KEN POLLACK, CENTER FOR MIDDLE EAST POLICY, BROOKINGS INSTITUTION 
Right. I mean we 're seeing one of the great advantages of U.S . and British forces now, Judy , which is that they 're superbly trained troops . They have training in a whole variety of different missions and they 're adapting. They recognize now they went in with some false assumptions about the kind of reception that they were going to face. The plan that was implemented had some inherent risks in it, risks to the supply line , risks in terms of not clearing cities and they 're shifting. They 're changing and the troops are trained well enough to be able to deal with that. You 've seen U.S . Central Command bringing up additional forces like the 82nd Airborne Division to better deal with these long supply lines , get control over the cities and so I think that U.S . and British forces are beginning to stabilize the battlefield.
So as an onlooker , as somebody who 's studied the Iraqi capabilities, is it your sense that the coalition can continue to adjust to whatever they deal with?
Absolutely. One of the things I think we 're likely to see is that the Iraqis are going to have a tougher time adapting than U.S . forces are. Typically what you 've seen in the Iraqi armed forces is the change has to come from the top. It doesn't come from the ground up. You don't have ground commanders calling back and saying hey, we 'd like to try this tactic or this seems to work. Tell everybody else to do the same thing. Instead the high command has to identify a problem, come up with a solution and transmit it down. Chances are the Iraqis are going to continue to stick with what we 've seen before, irregular forces blending in with civilians trying to attack U.S . forces , some more of these suicide attacks which are going to be problematic for our troops . There's no way around that but U.S . forces , British forces are beginning to adapt to it.
I want to ask you about you mentioned coalition forces going in expecting more support from ordinary Iraqi people . I just interviewed a gentleman , native of Iraq , who talks to his family there all the time and he says they live in Baghdad 20, 30, 50 of them and he said they do the view the Americans as invaders . They hate Saddam Hussein . They don't like what he 's doing but they don't think the Americans are the answer.
All right. Well, this is something that we 've been trying to get a grip on for years, exactly what the Iraqi people feel and also that I think the best evidence that we had before the attack began was that Iraqis do, they despise. They are desperate to be rid of him but by the same token, they don't like another country coming into their country to overturn the government and beyond that, I think it's probably most important for most Iraqis is they 're deeply suspicious of the United States . They remember that the United States betrayed them in 1991. The U.S . didn't finish Saddam then. President Bush - then President Bush called on them to rise up and then the U.S . did nothing and so they 're deeply suspicious of what we have in mind.
Which raises questions going forward. One last thing, Ken Pollack I want to ask about this British officials saying that they have information that Saddam Hussein has fired his air defense chief . What's the significance of that?
Well, if it's true and obviously we don't know just yet but if it's true, it is very significant because it's effectively the Iraqis admitting that many of the civilian casualties that we 've seen over the last few days may in fact have been caused by Iraqi surface to air missiles falling back to ground in residential areas .
Exactly, in that market and I think it was pretty apparent when you looked at the video of that market , if that had been a U.S . bomb or a U.S . cruise missile , that market would have been obliterated. Chances are it was an Iraqi surface to air missile .
in a moment, check in the pentagon and get the latest on the iraqi prisoners of war. we know of one detention center , well over 7,000 iraqis held there and almost a thousand have been released. check in on the pentagon for more and more on this tape and what they 're saying down in washington .
welcome back n case you 're just tuning in, our top story this hour, the discovery of suspect chemical weapons materials at an agricultural complex in central iraq . troops from the u.s . army 's 101st airborne division went to the site on friday, finding a number of large drums buried in bunkers . initial tests were inconclusive. the general benjamin frankly of the 101st says today a more sophisticated test indicated the presence of nerve and blister agents . he says that type of test that is required sometimes shows false-positives and further testing will be done to determine whether the materials are indeed nonweaponized chemical agents or perhaps simply pesticides. general frankly says it is hard to believe u.n . inspectors would have found the facility hidden as deeply as it was near the euphrates river . we 'll are much more on this developing story coming up in a few minutes. for the latest, though, on the air war, cnn 's gary tuchman is joining us now live from an air base not far from iraq . what's happening there tonight, gary ?
reporter: well, wolf , the air force is continuing its 24-hour air coverage over baghdad . there will always be multiple warplanes , fighter
The Food and Drug Administration is considering whether to make morning-after birth control available without a prescription. The FDA may decide as soon as this week whether drug stores can sell the emergency contraception known as Plan B without a prescription to women age 16 and older.
Here is where I break with my conservative base and support the availability of Plan B which can prevent pregnancy for up to 72 hours after sex. With an 89% success rate, we can be optimistic that we are on the right path to ending unwanted pregnancy that doesn't involve a scalpel or suction tube.
Conservatives say people will be less reluctant to have risky and unprotected sex if they 've got a box of B under the nightstand where condoms traditionally collect. But I would rather Plan B be used to prevent pregnancy than the liberals ' preferred method; a fork in the head and a knife to the spinal cord.
we begin south of baghdad , - - - where u.s . troops have found - -f| - what may be chemical - - - - weapons materials. - - - - - elements of the army 's 101st - - airborne division discovered - the chemicals buried in barrels - beneath an agricultural complex - - - - - - - near karbala . - - troops also found a large amount of conventional weapons - at the site . - - initial tests on the chemicals - were inconclusive. - - -f| no car a higher level test indicated no carrier the presence of nerve no carrier - - - - - and blister agents , but those -f| tests are not always accurate. -f| ring no carrier the commander of the 101st says f| -f| ring no carri the chemicals may be pesticides no carrier or chemical agents that haven't been weaponized. - -f| - - - - - - - -
that is the very joyous town of palestine , west virginia , on the news that jessica lynch is eventually going to come home . what a brave young woman . did you hear about the injuries she sustained.
did you hear about the firing she did. she was going to fight to the death. she was captured but she was one tough cookie , apparently.
and she 's going to be all right, it looks like. we have some other items, voices of america they're called her on american morning. home front responses to the ongoing war in iraq . we begin in oklahoma , a story of sacrifice in wartime. cass apd ra gave birth to her first daughter . alexis jane denise , but without her husband . john scottsdale is on the front lines in iraq .
since her husband couldn't be there for alexis ' birth. his parents have stepped in to help with their new granddaughter and it looks as though mother and daughter are doing well. voices of america on a morning where it looks like things gring well for the coalition members .
did you hear the family members of jessica lynch yesterday.
they said it was a miraculous thing. it was the first american prisoner of war ever rescued since world war ii. they 've tried these things before, but never with the success. i guess miracle isn't too strong a word.
it's a great word. when you heard her father talk. welcome jeffrey to be in. he thought it
We 've all lived next to some pretty undesirable people at one point or another, but I can't imagine anyone being worse than this. A Colorado judge ordered two teen-age girls to pay about $900 for the distress a neighbor said they caused by giving her home -made cookies adorned with paper hearts.
The pair were ordered to pay $871.70 plus $39 in court costs after neighbor Wanita Renea Young , 49, filed a lawsuit complaining that the unsolicited cookies, left at her house after the girls knocked on her door, had triggered an anxiety attack that sent her to the hospital the next day.
Taylor Ostergaard , then 17, and Lindsey Jo Zellitte , 18, paid the judgment on Thursday after a small claims court ruling by La Plata County Court Judge Doug Walker , a court clerk said on Friday.
The girls baked cookies as a surprise for several of their rural Colorado neighbors on July 31 and dropped off small batches on their porches , accompanied by red or pink paper hearts and the message: "Have a great night."
The Denver Post newspaper reported on Friday that the girls had decided to stay home and bake the cookies rather than go to a dance where there might be cursing and drinking. Zebra Report has a picture of the good-intentioned girls . Maybe delinquency does pay off better.
on we go in the meantime. again, today, there were disturbing hints, and we underscore hints here, that coalition forces may soon face an attack using chemical weapons . yesterday the story centered on intelligence regarding enemy intentions. today the evidence is somewhat more tangible. reporting for us , cnn 's david ensor .
reporter: the evidence is accumulating that iraq may be planning to use chemical weapons . gas masks turning up in abandoned trenches. in nasiriyah in a building marked as a hospital u.s . marines found weapons , atropine antidote kits, and that was not all.
they found over 3,000 chemical suits and gas masks as well as a number of iraqi military uniforms.
reporter: the findings are heightening concerns among coalition forces approaching baghdad since, as the iraqis should know, u.s . and british forces do not use chemical weapons . u.s . officials say some intelligence indicates a red line may have been drawn around the capital with republican guard units ordered to use chemical weapons once u.s . and allied troops cross it. there is also intelligence, officials say, suggesting republican guard units have been issued artillery shells containing chemical agents .
there has been intelligence scraps, who knows how accurate they are, chatter in the system, that suggests that the closer that coalition forces get to baghdad and tikrit the greater the likelihood and that some command and control arrangements have been put in place.
reporter: in baghdad deputy prime minister tariq aziz repeated his government 's stand -- it does not have any kind of weapons of mass destruction.
translator: when they started to talk about the weapons of mass destruction, we know and we always knew that that was fabrication and lines.
reporter: experts say saddam hussein 's forces will likely try to hold out in baghdad for as long as possible without using the weapons his government insists it does not have, hoping to build international pressure on the u.s . and britain to back down.
in that sense any use of chemical weapons would be counterproductive to saddam , because it would only galvanize international
From Reuters : U.S . Marines rallied round a comrade under investigation for killing a wounded Iraqi during the offensive in Falluja , saying he was probably under combat stress in unpredictable, hair-trigger circumstances.
Marines interviewed on Tuesday said they didn't see the shooting as a scandal, rather the act of a comrade who faced intense pressure during the effort to quell the insurgency in the city .
" I can see why he would do it. He was probably running around being shot at for days on end in Falluja . There should be an investigation but they should look into the circumstances," said Lance Corporal Christopher Hanson .
" I would have shot the insurgent too. Two shots to the head," said Sergeant Nicholas Graham , 24, of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . " You can't trust these people . He should not be investigated. He did nothing wrong." Of course the anti- American world press is jumping all over this story, casually omitting the fact that just a day earlier the marine in question lost a fellow soldier who was attending to a dead insurgent that was booby-trapped with explosives .
Add the tactic of booby-trapping your own dead to the effective suicide bombings, and it's clear to say that the Geneva Convention isn't on the minds of the insurgents . For that I believe the Marines should handle dead and wounded insurgents by any means necessary to ensure their own safety and prevent a possible ambush. I 'm no fan of this war either, but it irks me to no end reading and listening to civilian opinions on how soldiers should conduct themselves in hostile war zones from their comfortable recliners.
To the world press and everyone else who despises the United States : You don't have to like our president or those operating this war, but get off the backs of the 18, 19 and 20 year-olds thrown into a situation you will never see or have to encounter. I 've got too many friends in Iraq right now I want to see come home alive and well, and I will support them at every opportunity.
meanwhile, as war is fought a world away, federal, state and local authorities face their own battle keeping americans safe at home . president bush said yesterday the threat of domestic terrorism remains high.
the dying regime if iraq may try to bring terror to our shore shores . other parts of the global terror network may view this as a moment to strike, thinking that we 're distracted. they 're wrong.
what still needs to be done to keep americans safe at home , steven berle tacks that issue in "after how america confronted the september 12th era." congratulations.
what comes out yesterday, on two best-sellers list.
you 've spent over a year investigating the subject. you had unprecedented access not only to secretary ridge but the attorney general and other player in this post-september 11th environment. how vulnerable do we continue to be?
well, quite vulnerable in some places and yet we 've made great strides. the access i had was not only at top but the people who were on the front lines. and this is really the behind the scenes story of everything they had been doing to make this country safer. i think we decided on the morning of september 12th we 're not going to be victim , we 're not just going to sit there. we 're going to try to do something. we 're not just going to say we 're lucky we didn't get attacked today. in the ports , at the airports , even with our food supply, we have taken all kinds of steps. but we are vulnerable. we 're vulnerable right out on the streets here . we 're vulnerable in mass transit systems because we can't involve this problem infin any lu we 've made good strides in the last we 're. that's the story i try to to tell about the men and women who have brought us this point.
in northern iraq , u.s . warplanes hit targets including a ridge east of mosul , where iraqi troops have been entrenched. two f-14 tomcats struck the targets , the same area was a site of heavy bombing yesterday. after today's air strikes, 13 iraqi soldiers abandoned their posts and surrendered to kurdish fighters .
U.S. lawmaker: North Korea says it will produce more nukes
North Korea has told American lawmakers it already has nuclear weapons and intends to build more , a senior U.S . congressman said Monday after returning from a trip to the communist state .
`` They admitted to having nuclear capability and weapons at this moment,'' said Rep . Curt Weldon , who headed a delegation of U.S . lawmakers that visited Pyongyang for three days ending Sunday. `` They admitted to an effort to expand their nuclear production program.''
Weldon 's comments echoed those of U.S . officials following talks in Beijing in April. They said that North Korea claimed during a pause in the formal talks that it already had nuclear weapons , but would give up the program in return for economic aid and security guarantees.
Weldon said at a news conference in Seoul that North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan repeated that claim during a dinner meeting. Both Kim and Foreign Minister Paek Nam Sun told Weldon that Pyongyang planned to produce more nuclear weapons and had nearly finished reprocessing the spent nuclear fuel rods needed to do so, despite pressure from the United States and its allies .
`` They admitted to having just about completed the reprocessing of 8,000 rods,'' said Weldon , a Republican who is the No. 2 member of a U.S . House panel that oversees the armed forces .
U.S . experts say that reprocessing the rods could give North Korea several more nuclear bombs within months.
During their visit to Pyongyang , Weldon 's delegation also met Choe Thae Bok , chairman of North Korea 's legislature , the Supreme People's Assembly .
Although they were not traveling as envoys of U.S . President George W. Bush , they were the first American officials to visit since the nuclear standoff began in October. They flew to Seoul on Sunday to brief South Korean officials on their Northern trip.
North Korea said it was developing its nuclear weapons as ``a response to what they saw happened in Iraq , with the U.S . removing Saddam Hussein from power,'' Weldon said.
A North Korean foreign ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by state -run KCNA news agency that the visit helped both sides better understand each other and they shared the view that Washington and Pyongyang needed to avoid confrontation and exist peacefully.
`` They were of the same view that it is necessary to seek a negotiated settlement of the nuclear issue and expressed their stand that it is necessary to continue seeking and discussing ways of settling it,'' the spokesman said.
North Korea has repeatedly accused Washington of planing to invade. Bush says he prefers a diplomatic solution, but has not ruled out a military option.
In Seoul , South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said his government has no ``clear proof'' to conclude North Korea has nuclear weapons .
`` North Korea has told important people of the United States that it has developed nukes and reprocessed spent fuel rods. But North Korea has not confirmed that to anyone else,'' Roh said. ``Thus, we must make a very careful judgment on whether we will conclude it has nuclear weapons or not, based on those words only.''
U.S . and South Korean officials say that North Korea may be bluffing about its nuclear program in an attempt to extract concessions from the United States . But U.S . Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said Monday that the threat couldn't be ignored.
``Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they ( North Korean officials ) are saying very seriously,'' he said at a news conference in Seoul .
Weldon said his delegation ``comes away convinced'' that the nuclear standoff can be resolved in a peaceful manner that allows Pyongyang 's communist regime to stand while removing its nuclear threats.
Roh issued a similar message during a nationally televised news conference.
`` South Korea and the United States share a firm principle that North Korea should never possess nuclear weapons and that the issue should be resolved through a peaceful manner,'' he said.
Roh spoke after meeting the U.S . lawmakers and Wolfowitz , who also arrived in Seoul on Sunday for a two-day visit to discuss North Korea .
Wolfowitz said Saturday in Singapore that Washington hoped putting pressure on North Korea 's battered economy would resolve the nuclear standoff. On Monday, Wolfowitz stressed that military readiness was just as important.
In meetings with South Korean officials , Wolfowitz urged them to increase military spending on new technologies and telecommunications equipment, as U.S . forces have done. South Korea earmarks about US$14.5 billion for its military .
`` They still work with paper and pencil instead of with the kind of modern communications gear that our special forces took with them to Afghanistan ,'' Wolfowitz said.
He said upgrades would allow troops to react quicker to threats from the North and help reduce the possibility of a military conflict on the peninsula , not heighten it.
The nuclear crisis flared last October when U.S . officials said North Korea admitted running a secret nuclear weapons program in violation of a 1994 accord with Washington .
the founder and former ceo of imclone just learned the penalty for his role in the pharmaceutical company 's insider trading scandal. sam waksal was sentenced to seven years and three months in federal prison . he 's also being fined $3 million and was ordered to pay $1.2 million in restitution to the new york state tax commission . waksal pleaded guilty last fall to six counts of security fraud, bank fraud, conspiracy to obstruct justice and perjury. he 's being released on his own cog in a sans before he 's to report to jail . waksal admitted to tipping his daughter to dump imclone stock market just ahead of a drug rejection the company was developing and he pleaded guilty to bank fraud by forging a signature on a $44 million loan. the imclone scandal led to charges against waksal 's friend , martha stewart , last week over her sale of the stock the day before the price collapsed.
Planned Parenthood , one of the worst organizations in the country , has been distributing poor condoms -- which liberals believe should be freely available in all high school clinics nationwide -- according to Consumer Reports which released it s rankings this week. From Sun-Sentinal : Two of the three types of free condoms offered by Planned Parenthood received poor ratings, according to rankings that appear in the February issue of Consumer Reports, which hits newsstands Wednesday.
Planned Parenthood has since redesigned it s "Honeydew" condom, which was the magazine 's lowest-ranked brand with two "poor" ratings in strength and reliability. The group resubmitted all three of it s brands for independent testing and received "excellent results," said Karen Pearl , president and chief executive of Planned Parenthood of Nassau County . The group 's "Assorted Colors" brand was ranked next-to-last with a "poor" mark for strength but an "excellent" for reliability. The "Lollipop" got an overall "excellent" rating. Pretty scary that poorly rated condoms have been available to teens , both those looking for free sex and those who happen to attend public school . Even worse, it took a whistleblower to get Planned Parenthood to strengthen its product.
until southern iraq , another symbol of saddam hussein 's regime is in ruins tonight. saddam hussein 's private yacht and quite a yacht it is or was. it was hit by coalition bombs and missiles and then burned and looted by iraqis . the boat was one of the world 's most luxurious yachts when it was launched some 20 years ago. now the scorched hulk floats aimlessly in the arab waterway next to basra 's dock yards . people in baghdad celebrate the fall of a leader whose fate is unknown tonight. we 'll be talking with an expert on saddam hussein , author andrew coburn about whether saddam hussein is dead or alive and where in the world is he . also, the long journey of the marine who covered the statue of saddam hussein with an american flag. bill tucker will have a special report on the life of marine corporal edward chin . and actress jane fonda is now questioning freedom of the united states . and she has a few thoughts about ignorance. so do we . stay with us .
This past weekend marked the 32-year anniversary of Roe v. Wade , the landmark Supreme Court decision that gave way for the imminent slaughter of 43 million unborn children across the country in the name of " women 's rights."
Today, thousands of pro-life crusaders will participate in the March for Life in Washington D.C ., to honor the defenseless children and hope for an eventual Supreme Court reversal.
A reversal would not only be a victory for those who value life, but also for the woman once known as Jane Roe -- now a passionate pro-life advocate trying to get the Supreme Court to overturn the case she once represented.
Michelle Malkin has the goods on the March as well as links to other resources.
letdownch* * at the helm came in on final to the " uss abraham lincoln " and landed hitting the fore wire, a safe trap. one of 12,675 takeoffs and traps that have taken place aboard the " uss abraham lincoln " during this 10 month long deployment, the longest deployment of an aircraft carrier in the u.s . since the vietnam era. after the president came aboard, he then spent a considerable amount of time talking to many of the young men and women on the flight deck , taking photographs with them , still wearing his flight suit throughout much of that period, talking to them and again this evening, he will be issuing a major address to the american people reguarding the end of major combat operation. white house aides calling it an important moment. he -- after landing and taking a brief tour of part of the ship , he also went out on to the flight deck and observed some of the flight operations of some of the f-18 aircraft that are now leaving these aircraft , headed to lamore after this 10-month long deploy am. wolf ?
u.s . forces in baghdad are staging spot raids around that city , searching for holdout members of saddam 's regime . as we reported, one key initiative is the search for weapons of mass destruction. and as part of that effort, u.s . special forces today raided the home of the iraqi microbiologist known as dr . germ . the woman who ran iraq 's secret biological warfare laboratory . mike boettcher has our exclusive report.
dr . rehab taha , aka dr. germ , who directed iraq 's biological weapons program . cnn has exclusively obtained the united nations english translations of her arabic work papers. her research was conducted here at a location well-known to u.n . arms inspectors . 300 miles west of baghdad . her notes begin with the test objective. her written words are read by a narateor .
a field experiment was conducted to disperse biological agents , botulinum toxin and spors of bacillus .
reporter: taha then described the success of their tests using an anthrax sim lant and artillery rockets .
reporter: and she reveals success in a 1989 test, using aerial bombs to disperse biological agents .
reporter: dr . taha 's notes do not tell us how far she eventually progressed in her biological weapons testing. that's why the marines came knocking. looking for her papers and looking for her . mike boettcher , cnn , baghdad .
now that saddam hussein 's regime has fallen is democracy the answer to iraq and its people . in his book, fareed zakar ericks a joins us now to talk about democracy and iraq 's future. good to see you .
good to see you on a different network for a change.
i know. let' s talk about what barbara starr was reporting from the pentagon . she says there is an acknowledgment from those officials that there are not enough ground troops in place and particularly in baghdad to control what our nic robertson is saying is a stage of anarchy in some parts of iraq . do you think the administration underestimated the day after?
i think because the day after came so fast and so suddenly in way. i think that there's been a pattern here not just with this administration , but over the last ten years, bosnia , kosovo , afghanistan , where we don't quite recognize when the old order collapses, you very quickly have to rush in and fill it with some kind of new order. in the short-term, that's going to have to mean the american military . but the key question, which i try to address in the book, is what do you do after that? what kind of authority do you create in a society going through this kind of transition.
and how do you know that the local iraqi citizens will make up this government or, in fact, interested in democracy? there's no proof of that.
well, the key here is the only way to get that kind of legitimate government to have it look good is to hold elections. but if you hold elections, you stop the whole process of building a rule of law, creating courts, creating administration. we 've seen in the past in bosnia for example, you held elections and all of the old ethnic thugs get into power because they have organization and they have money and they stop the process of genuine building of democracy. there is this tension here which is the only way to make this look good is in some way get legitimate iraqi authority , but the faster you get that, the more likely you stop this process.
so what do you think of this interim government ? you got deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz saying that american and british military forces would play a leading role in setting up an iraqi government and then later draw civilians into the process. is that going to work?
i think it will work if it's truly broad-based and truly consensual, try and include all different people and including them in creating a constitution which would take a few years. what i point out is the plays where you 've had quick transitions
first an update on a long running air safety investigation a year and a half near an airline crashed near new york 's kennedy airport there is controversy whether the disaster could have been averted. 265 people died in the november 2001 crash of flight 587 . hard to forget those images. after the pilots lost control of the plane , and the jet 's tail fin broke off. airbus strongly denies claims it failed to provide sufficient warning. but critics say airbus should have sounded a stronger alarm after a similar incident occurred in 1997. that is when american airlines flight 903 ran into trouble on a trip from boston to miami . the pilots of that plane forcibly applied their rudder to recover from a stall, and as a result the plane 's tail section exceed its design limits. pilots managed to land safely, only after a terrifying ordeal for passengers . melanie joyceon joins us from dallas . thanks for being with us . can you tell me about the flight five years ago. what happened to you ?
our founder here at cnn , ted turner , has sold more than half 0 his stake in aol time warner . that's a lot of shares and a lot of money. andy serwer 's look into that and the mark muz. if you 're investing, why now?
chitchat in the time life building here at aol and all over wall street , ted turner selling 60 million shares for $800 million, more than half of his stake in the company , he opens 40 million plus now. question is, why? why is he selling? i think he 's begin up. he 's at least -- hedging his bets by keeping 40 million shares but basically he 's decided that the company is not going wait he wants it to go and he 's bailing out. you know, a lot of concern obviously by people who still own the stock. my point about this, if ted turner were so smart and he 's a very smart guy but he did not sell at the top, okay? he didn't sell at $60.
he believed in the merger like most other people did. we 'll look back five years from now, you can see, he has lost a lot of money. you know, he still had $1.7 billion, we 're not shedding tears. he did have $8 billion. he 's left a lot on the table. we 'll look back five years from now and say, when the stock is either at $13 still or $8 or $30 and say, he was either very smart or not smart at all. he 's still hedging his bet by keeping 40 million stake.
me , too. the question, i 'm an aol shareholder sitting at home , hearing this news, done this set off a few alarms? will people panic and everybody sell it?
i think the stock will be weaker today. again, you know, the stock has drifted below $10. it's been in the neighborhood for a while. i done see the thing going down a lot. interesting point here also, people are suggesting he may be raising this money to buy those atlanta sports teams that apparently are on the block.
you know, i 'm not sure. he loves -- apparently they 're for sale. we 'll have to see about that.
thank you . let' s check 4 with jack now. the question of the day, bill bennet ?
i figure if turner 's smarter than i am, i 'm selling my 80 shares.
$13 and change, out. talking about bill bennet this morning one of the country 's leading crusaders for morality author of "virtues" and admits he has a gambling problem. me he made the admission after bennett lost up to $8 million in casinos in the last decade. the articles say he won at times that he had $200,000 lines of credit at several laying casinos . gambling, however, is not one of of of the vices bennett thinks is undermining american culture. we want to hear from viewers this morning. he does say he 's going to stop. news of bill bennet 's gambling changed your opinion of him ? many, many responses. hypocrite would be a word present in many e-mails. hypocrite. barbara , bill bennet 's glam gambling loss changed my opinion. linda write his can do what he wants with his money. i thought he was smarter than that. lawrence in missouri , after sitting in front of my tv night after night, listening to him , watching every perversion, sin and evil known to man or beast, being glamourized by sitcoms and tv talking heads , imagine my shock in hearing that bill bennet being soundly condemned for gambling, is this the beginning of a new morality? chad new york big deal. what have you done wrong this morning? i ain't telling, chad . david say my opinion did not change because of the new news. i always thought bennett was a louse . am@cnn.com is the address. unburden yourself .
we 'll talk more about it with jeff greenfield coming up.
we 're told the russian president vladimir putin was greeted by prince charles as he arrived in london today. the music beginning as they enter. part of the formalities of a royal reception such as this. his private plane arrived at heathrow airport . putin and his wife left for the official reception that you 're seeing now here in central london . we 'll bring walter rodgers back in who 's live outside buckingham palace . let' s listen in for a few moments, roger , and then we 'll talk about this reception and what it means. listening to "god saved the queen ." her majesty with russian president , his wife and also prince charles sitting down with their guests . also with them prime minister tony blair . walter rodgers outside of buckingham palace as the royal reception here begins. first time for russian head of state to visit britain . more than 130 years, actually the last time was alexander ii in 1874. same type of fan fare and pomp to take place. walter rodgers , let' s talk about if we could, the guest list. just looking at this group at this royal reception and, i 'm even noticing some gentleman , probably a political and religious mix of sorts. how did the queen design the guest list for this incredible and historic event?
Australia to keep open its embassy in Saudi Arabia With BC-ME-GEN--Saudi-Attacks
Australia will keep open its embassy in Saudi Arabia despite decisions by the United States , Britain and Germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears.
On the eve of a visit to the Saudi capital , Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said security at the Australian embassy appeared to be sufficient.
`` We have quite a substantial security presence at the Australian embassy in Riyadh and the ambassador thinks that that security presence is sufficient,'' Downer told the Australian Broadcasting Corp .
Australia is one of Washington 's staunchest allies . Canberra sent troops to fight in the war on terror in Afghanistan and alongside U.S . and British forces in Iraq .
New Zealand also has no immediate plans to close its Saudi embassy .
On Tuesday, Saudi security officials said three suspected al-Qaida militants were arrested in Jiddah , Saudi Arabia , in sweeps following the near-simultaneous suicide attacks on three residential compounds on the outskirts of Riyadh on May 12. The bombings killed 34 people 
_  including nine attackers , eight Americans and two Britons  _  and wounded nearly 200 others .
Earlier this week, Saudi and U.S . officials said they had new intelligence pointing to Osama bin Laden 's al-Qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the United States or against American interests overseas.
in michigan , a second straight night and into this morning, hundreds of people have been rioting in benton harbor . a man on a motorcycle was killed while being chased about i police , the violence broke out. the governor has declared a state of emergency. mark alberts from our affiliate has more from benton harbor .
a cruise ship is being searched off the hawaii coast after two notes threatening terrorist attack were found on board. royal caribbean cruise ship legend of the sea diverted to honolulu when the notes were found on board yesterday. passengers were taken to the ship 's dining rooms while bomb sniffing dogs went over the ship .
New Questions About Attacking Iraq; Is Torturing Terrorists Necessary?
Former Arkansas Governor and U.S . Senator Dale Bumpers has just published a memoir called "The Best Lawyer in a One-Lawyer Town." And it spans his life from the depression era to the Clinton era. Let' s ask him which was more depressing.
First, thank you for writing this book. It is extraordinary. It is wonderful. And then we read you one passage. You cite a session you had with President Lyndon Johnson in Austin , I guess, at his ranch , right? Here is what you quote our President Johnson to you . "When I was majority leader , and later president , I spent all my time pulling every power string I could find to pull, trying to pass bills that helped people . That made their lives better and the country stronger. That's what the Democrats stand for." " Republicans ? Republicans just stand for two things: protecting the rich and investigation Democrats ." That's true, though, isn't it? Johnson was right, wasn't he ?
I thought that was one of the most prescient things I ever heard, and that was long before White Water.
Yes. He never heard of Ken Starr , but he anticipated it.
Can I interrupt this Democratic picnic for just a minute? You know, Senator , inadvertently, you gave support in this book to one of my pet political themes, which you probably don't agree with. On page 256 you say, "As the years went by" -- this is when you were in the Senate -- "less and less information was new, fewer and fewer arguments were fresh, and the repetitiveness of the old arguments became tiresome." " I was becoming almost as cynical as my constituents . I knew it was time to leave." Isn't that a great argument for term limits? I know very few senators or any who are as good in their third term as they are in their first term. Shouldn't we limit them to two terms?
First of all, that statement is not designed to cover everybody in the United States Senate . But I must say, that's a pretty accurate statement. But it has nothing do with term limits, in my opinion. I think term limits is the worst idea I ever heard of.
Let me turn one more page, to page 257, actually, right next door to where Bob was reading. This struck me because you 've got the courage to say something that is heretical today and it's music to my ears. You say, "Partisanship has taken on an odious connotation, and it may indeed be shriller now than ever. But we shouldn't lose sight of the fact that we have two political parties so people will have choices. If everybody agreed on everything, it might be a tranquil society , but it surely would be a dole one , and certainly not certainly a good one."
You know, Paul , that's the reason we have two parties , so people have a choice. And I 've said many times, if we all agreed on everything, everybody would want to marry Betty and we would really be in a mess, wouldn't we , Bob ?
Senator Bumpers , of the 22 senators of the old confederacy , when I got to Washington with the Associated Press , 45 years ago, 22 of them were Democrats , nine were Republicans . Now 13 are Republicans and nine are Democrats . And of the Democrats , I don't think there is a real liberal . Your last year in the Senate I had an interview with you and I wrote a column called "The Last Southern Liberal."
And I thank you . It was a very flattering article, Bob .
And you said, I 'll quote it, you said, today's Southern voters are " children of Democrats who are not swayed by the same things their mothers and fathers were. They certainly are susceptible to the Republican message." That's a good future for the Democratic Party in the South .
Bob , I think that the reason everybody in the south -- you know, first of all, we were -- when Franklin Roosevelt was elected president , we had been living what we thought was still a conquered nation after the Civil War. And we felt that Franklin Roosevelt was the first person who ever really acknowledged that the South had peculiar problems. And from that time on, that's the reason we had 22 Democratic senators from 11 confederate states , is because of the Civil War and because of what we thought was a heavy hand of the federal government all the time. Of course there was always that old story about the Yankees , and Yankees were synonymous with Republicans . But that's all changed and memories have dimmed. And people , you know, they don't remember that. And so the message, the Republicans have actually had a golden opportunity to make their case and they 've done it successfully. And the Democrats need desperately to get a message to counter that, and they need to get a message and stay on it. I mean we cannot be all over the lot.
(UNINTELLIGIBLE) they 're just not buying the new deal anymore in the South . Isn't that the truth?
Well, that's true. They 're not buying a new deal. But I 'll tell you the message the Democrats ought to be -- that every time we get sort of within the grasp of the golden age, I mean within reach of the golden age, where everybody has health care, where everybody gets a good education -- you know I 'm one of the million and a half people -- my brother went to Harvard , I went to Northwestern University . Two schools my father couldn't have even thought about affording. A million and a half veterans came out of War World II on the GI bill and got that kind of an education. If that makes me a liberal , because I believe the government has a role to play in that, then I am a certified liberal , because I think that made the country stronger. I think certainly it made every one of those people stronger, and I think we ought to be doing it right now. No child in this country ought to be deprived of an education for lack of money. No elderly person ought to have to make a choice between food and medicine. And they do it by the millions every day. And now...
Will you run for president ? I 'll chair a committee . Dale Bumpers for president , ladies and gentlemen . Thank you very much.
That was just terrific. The book again is Dale Bumpers , "The Best Lawyer in a One-Lawyer Town." I highly recommend it. And next in our "Fireback" segment, one of our viewers has a question about our president 's concept of democracy. Stay tuned.
Israeli troops kill Palestinian boy and injure two other children in West Bank violence
Israeli troops shot and killed a 16-year-old Palestinian boy and critically injured two children , ages 7 and 9, during conflicts in the West Bank that erupted Tuesday as Israeli and Palestinian leaders moved toward talks on a new Mideast peace plan.
The shootings  _  which the Israeli army said came in response to attacks by Palestinians throwing stones and molotov cocktails  _ came a day after Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon declared that Israel 's occupation in the West Bank must end, stunning both dovish opponents and hardline allies .
Sharon 's remarks and Israel 's conditional acceptance Sunday of the so-called ``road map'' to peace were expected to jump-start stalled Mideast peace negotiations.
A summit between Sharon and his Palestinian counterpart , Mahmoud Abbas , had been planned for Wednesday but was postponed, according to Israeli and Palestinian officials , who blamed each other for the delay. The officials said no new date had been set; Israel Radio said the meeting would take place Thursday.
A three-way summit with U.S . President George W. Bush could take place as early as next week, possibly in Jordan .
Israeli soldiers shot and killed a 16-year-old Palestinian boy and wounded a 7-year-old boy after opening fire at stone throwers in the Tulkarem refugee camp in the West Bank on Tuesday, Palestinian hospital officials said. The army said troops fired, and hit a boy , after a Palestinian youth threw a molotov cocktail .
In a village near the West Bank city of Nablus on Tuesday, Israeli troops opened fire on youths throwing stones , hitting a 9-year-old Palestinian boy in the head and critically wounding him , and hitting two 12-year-old boys in the legs, lightly wounding them , Palestinian hospital officials said. A 10-year-old boy was struck in the leg by a rubber bullet , but was not seriously hurt, the officials said.
Military sources said troops were trying to break up stone -throwing protests, but did not use live fire. The army was not aware of any injuries.
Five Palestinian children , a Palestinian woman and a police officer , were injured Tuesday after accidentally detonating explosives in the West Bank city of Hebron , Palestinian security officials said. The children found the explosives in two plastic bags under a tree and accidentally detonated the first bag . After a police officer arrived, the second bag exploded, seriously injuring him , the officials said.
Israeli troops killed a Palestinian teenager Monday and another surrendered after infiltrating from Gaza , the military said. They were unarmed and apparently looking for work. In a village near the West Bank town of Qalqiliya , an 11-year-old Palestinian boy was killed during an exchange of gunfire.
Also Monday, Israeli soldiers fired on four diplomatic vehicles in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun , diplomats said. There were no injuries from the incident. Peter Lundberg , an official from the Swedish Consulate in Jerusalem , said that two bullets hit the windshield of the Swiss Consulate 's armored car , and that small- arms fire also was directed at other cars from Sweden , Denmark and the European Union .
Military sources said the Israeli army had established roadblocks at the entrance to Beit Hanoun to prevent Palestinians militants from leaving the area . The sources said shots had been fired in the air when vehicles tried to skirt the roadblocks .
The violence erupted after Sharon endured withering criticism Monday from members of his own Likud Party over his Cabinet 's acceptance of the U.S .-backed ``road map'' peace plan.
Sharon indicated a 180-degree turnaround after decades of warning that an Israeli withdrawal from even small parts of the West Bank could endanger Israel 's existence.
Skeptics , however, wondered whether Sharon 's conversion was a shrewd effort to deflect U.S . pressure in the hopes the road map would fail before Israel had to make tough concessions.
``To keep 3.5 million people under occupation is bad for us and them ,'' Sharon said in remarks broadcast on Israel Radio .
The term ``occupation'' is anathema to the Israeli right , which believes Israel has a legitimate claim to the West Bank and Gaza Strip for religious and security reasons.
Palestinians and their dovish Israeli allies routinely use the word ``occupation'' when demanding that Israel leave the West Bank and Gaza and dismantle Jewish settlements .
Palestinians claim all of the West Bank and Gaza for a state .
On Sunday, Sharon 's Cabinet conditionally approved the ``road map,'' a three-phase plan that begins with a halt to violence and envisages a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip in 2005.
Sharon told party critics he was committed to finding a political solution to the conflict, including an Israeli withdrawal from West Bank population centers .
``This can't continue endlessly. Do you want to remain forever in Ramallah , Jenin , Nablus ?'' he asked.
Likud lawmakers charged that the road map was slanted in favor of the Palestinians and endangers Israel .
In his remarks Monday, Sharon left himself an out.
``What will happen if Palestinian terror continues? Nothing. Nothing will happen. The Palestinians will get nothing,'' he said.
Critics have said Sharon 's long-held condition that all violence must stop before peace moves is unrealistic and guarantees failure of any peace initiative, including the road map, thus releasing him from the necessity of following through on his remarks.
Liberal lawmaker Yossi Sarid argued Sharon was trying to keep his intentions murky to persuade the U.S . government that he was committed to the plan, while his hawkish allies could assume he was just making a tactical move to end U.S . pressure.
`` Ariel Sharon likes to walk in the fog, because then no one knows where he is headed,'' Sarid wrote in the Yediot Ahronot daily .	   
a defense attorney calls it his worst nightmare. a convicted murderer is released from prison before serving his full sentence and then a nightmare becomes reality. it happened last week. michael sears was determined to prove he was no longer a threat. his psychiatrist backed him up. serious was serving a 30-year sentence for the self-confessed 1992 killing of his wife in clinton , maryland , but after a relentless campaign that included a letter from his psychiatrist saying serious was unlikely to commit such violence again, the judge in this case, got him released. he served less than nine years. maryland is the only state that allows unchecked judicial reconsideration, allowing judges to reduce prison terms at any time after sentencing. those favoring the rule say it gives convicts incentive to behave in prison and enables judges to release prisoners if new evidence comes to light. at some point after his release, michael serious befriended a woman named darlene williamson . last week williamson , a mother of four , was found stabbed to death at a condominium in greenbelt , maryland . the official resident of that condo , the man now charged with her murder, michael serious . today the judge in the case retired prince georges county circuit court judge issued a statement to the news media . he called the case and i 'm quoting now, a judge 's worst nightmare, but he noted that maryland parole boards and the facility where michael serious was held, the institution made what the judge called the final decision on whether to release serious . the psychiatrist , by the way, who wrote a letter on michael serious ' behalf, neil blumberg had a two-word response in an article in the washington post . my goodness, he was pretty surprised. serious ' defense attorney who persuaded the judge reduce the sentence, told the post and i 'm quoting, i 'm very saddened. it makes me sick as a defense attorney . as a defense attorney it's your worst nightmare. let' s get perspective on this shocking case. glen i'vey is the prince georges county , maryland , state attorney . it doesn't get more shocking than this. how could this happen?
EU rift over Iraq remains as France, Germany denounce U.S. move to war
Europe 's divide over Iraq loomed ever larger Tuesday with France and Germany denouncing the U.S . move toward war while British Prime Minister Tony Blair said ousting Saddam Hussein now was key to solving similar crises in the future.
As European Union leaders restated their opposing views on Iraq , their foreign ministers debated the impending U.S .-led war against Iraq with EU president Greece keeping up appearances with a pledge to pursue a last ditch effort to avoid war.
Joschka Fischer and Dominique de Villepin , the German and French foreign ministers , were to attend a special United Nations Security Council meeting in New York Wednesday, called to issue a last-minute appeal for a peaceful solution to the Iraq crisis.
''For us the United Natgions is the key authority'' in resolving the Iraq crisis, Fischer told reporters opn arrival at the EU meeting.
''War is not justified,'' Fishcer told reporters . ''As members of the United Nations Security Council we want to restate that we want a peacefiul solution.''
De Villepin made no comment on arrival. Ahead of the EU meeting, Greek Foreign Minister Georhge Papandreou told reporters , '' We have to, and we will continue, to search for a peaceful solution to the crisis.''
The EU meeting could not hide the fact the Iraq crisis has made a mockery of EU aspirations to craft a common foreign policy.
Britain , Spain , Denmark , Italy , the Netherlands and Portugal back the United States while France and Germany lead a group of nations opposing military action.
`` I would like to see that the European Union countries will come through this difficult moment with a determination to work for peace and look to the future,'' EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana said.
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw remained in London for a debate in which the Blair government sought parliamentary approval for its decision to use ``all means necessary'' to disarm Saddam .
Blair was confident of retaining the support of a majority of parliament as he can count on votes from opposition Conservatives . He told the House of Commons the Iraq crisis was testing the fundamentals of international relations.
``It will determine the way Britain and the world confront the central security threat of the 21st century; the development of the United Nations ; the relationship between Europe and the United States ; the relations within the European Union ; and the way that the United States engages with the rest of the world ,'' said Blair .
``It will determine the pattern of international politics for the next generation,'' he said.
The EU foreign ministers met hours after U.S . President George W. Bush gave Saddam 48 hours to leave Iraq or face invasion.
French President Jacques Chirac said war without U.N blessing would undermine future disarmament efforts. ``Inspections (in Iraq ) showed that they are a credible alternativ,'' Chirac said. ``To act without the legitimacy of the United Nations ... to favor the use of force over law, is taking a serious responsibility.''
In Berlin , German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said there was no justification for war. ``Does the threat posed by the Iraqi dictator justify a war, which is sure to kill thousands of innocent children , women and men ? My answer in this case was and is: No!'' Schroeder said.
Solana said the EU would help in the humanitarian crisis expected to follow an attack on Iraq . The EU is set to release 20 million euros ( US $21.5 million) in immediate humanitarian aid for Iraq if war breaks out and may dip into an ``emergency reserve'' of 250 million euros ( US $269 million) for humanitarian relief.
Elsewhere in Europe :	 _  Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt , overruling his defense minister , said his government would allow the United States use of its territory for military transports. In recent weeks, the U.S . military has been transporting military equipment from bases in Germany to the Gulf through the port of Antwerp . Defense Minister Andre Flahaut said on the weekend Belgium would no longer allow such transits  _  or use of Belgian airspace .     _ 
Greece began evacuating its embassy in Baghdad , saying all its personnel would be out of Iraq within a couple of days.     _  The Dutch government , facing strong public anti-war pressure, said it would not commit fighting forces to the war against Iraq but added it supported the military campaign to disarm Saddam .     _  In neutral Switzerland , Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey said the United States ' decision to proceed with military action weakened the United Nations . ``It will be up to U.N . member states to restore its credibility,'' she said.   (rw-pa-rac) 
* * hamburg , germany . central command says the iraqis shot down an a-10 tank killer today. officials report that the plane was apparently down with a surface to air missile . it happened near the baghdad airport which is in u.s . hands. pilot said they 're doing well. all right. u.s . marines entered southeastern baghdad today and found dozens of chemical suits masks and atropine injecters. they found it at an industrial complex . material has been haiftly abandon. the iraqi government reports 1252 civilians have been killed in the war. these figures come to us from abu dhabi television . they cannot be verified by cnn . the iraqi government has not released the information or military casualties at all. now back to wolf blitzer and our continuing coverage of the war in iraq .
the search for a small plane that disappeared sunday in massachusetts has a bittersweet ending. three young boys ,ages 2, 5 and 10 survived and are in critical condition after spending in 18 hours in the cold. the father , who was piloting the plane , also was rescued, but died late yesterday at the hospital . the boys ' mother and two other brothers were killed. officials say the pilot reported ice on the plane and planned to land in massachusetts when the plane left radar. aviators described the scene as they approached it from above.
the aircraft was -- the cabin was intact completely. the wings were off of it . but it looked like a survivable crash.
initially the wreckage was spotted, and there was no person spotted. but when we moved in closer and started to scan the area, then i saw the 2-year-old waving from next to the airplane .
the family had been heading to new hampshire from lakeland , florida when their plane went down.
if you are one of the many unemployed , expect company .
valerie morris joins us live from new york with that story. valerie ?
hi, renay , sharon . the pace of job cuts is quickening. the survey by challenger gray and christmas says layoffs rose about 5% in february. that's the second straight monthly increase. the ax fell heavily on government and non-profit workers as many state and local governments face severe budget crunches. the u.s . economy has lost more than 2 million jobs in the past two years.
airlines are getting flyers to destinations ontime more often. the top ten air carriers arrived ontime more and cancelled fewer flights in january than the month before. a government report says the improvements are the result of changes in air traffic controls, and a dropoff in passengers . despite operating under bankruptcy laws, united posted the best on time performance. united also cancelled the fewest flights. still united lost $382 million in january. and one other note of improvement. airlines reported fewer complaints about lost, damaged or delayed luggage.
turning to wall street . disappointing auto sales are denting the shares of the big three . of course there are ongoing fears about terrorism and a war with iraq . the dow has slipped 116 points. the nasdaq is@ down three
Appeal launched against Russian journalist's treason conviction
The lawyer for a Russian military journalist convicted of treason filed an appeal Wednesday in an effort to overturn the guilty verdict against his client , who was released on parole earlier this year, news agencies reported.
Grigory Pasko 's lawyer Genri Reznik filed the appeal with Russian Supreme Court , the Interfax and ITAR-Tass news agencies reported. He asked the court to invalidate the verdict and throw out the criminal case against Pasko , they said.
Pasko was sentenced to four years in prison in December 2001 for illegally attending a meeting of top military commanders and taking notes there. A military court said he intended to pass the notes to Japanese media with which he had worked.
Pasko , whose sentence included time served, was released in January for good behavior after serving more than two-thirds of the sentence. He has maintained his innocence, saying the military was punishing him for exposing environmental abuses by the Russian navy , including the dumping of radioactive waste into the sea .
Reznik said an initial appeal he lodged the day Pasko was freed never reached the presidium of the Supreme Court , according to Interfax . The lawyer said the court 's military board had refused to launch proceedings on the appeal.
Reznik said he addressed the new appeal directly to Supreme Court Chairman Vyacheslav Lebedev and asked that it not be considered by military judges ``because the military justice system has adopted a biased attitude against Pasko ,'' Interfax reported.
for some americans who find themselves spending hours on end watching television coverage of the war, it can be hard to break away. that is especially true if you have a loved one in the war zone. but as our candy crowley reminds us , life does and must go on.
reporter: spring-time and a game of catch on the washington mall . a gentle breeze and a good meal beside the pacific ocean . that other place , the one on tv all the time, might as well be on another planet . and that may be the point.
we happen to be at a very nice spot by the beach where this is a chance for people to get away from cnn coverage, everything, and kind of relax
reporter: time to redefine normal again, which on the homefront now seems to mean life as you live it only weirder.
i 'm amazed at how unaffected i am by things, how i 'm still coming to work and doing the same things and going for a walk in the morning. and it just seems so strange to me that it's almost a parallel universe.
more than 70 percent of americans say they are sad about the war. the barber at hinsville georgia larries that.
they seem more depressed. a lot of them afraid they 're going to lose their jobs, you know, the economy is down and all kind of stuff.
life on the homefront seems the same at farmer 's market in los angeles , but it's more angst ridden.
i don't think it's affecting our business as much as i was worried that it would, but you never know it's going to happen. if there's any kind of terrorism that happens here , i think that would definitely put a damper on everything.
nationwide, people shopped less in the first week of the war. sales fell 2 percent from the previous week. air travel has fallen 10 mers since the war began and some hotel chains say cancellations are up. 60 percent of the people say they 're watching the war.
my boyfriend has been watching the tv like every single day, every time it comes on, he 's watching it.
maybe fewer people are shoning because they 're watching tv. maybe fewer are flying because they worry about terrorism or they worry about what the war will do to the economy or maybe it's everything.
there's no one economic statistics to point to a downturn, it's an overall feeling, a psychological feeling that everything is frozen, everything is on hold. consumers aren't spending, people aren't buying stock, everything is
Thanks, Wolf . And we will see you then. Well, as coalition forces push ahead in their bid to capture Baghdad , big questions remain about Saddam Hussein and his whereabouts. It is still not clear, looking at the latest tapes of the Iraqi president , whether he 's dead or alive. CNN senior international correspondent Nic Robertson , who was expelled from Baghdad , is with us now from the border of Iraq and Jordan , on the Jordanian side , to talk about what's happening in the Iraqi capital . Nic , we 're getting information in bits and pieces about the incursion by coalition land forces , about air flights over the city . Help us pull it all together.
 NIC ROBERTSON , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT 
Well, from what we hear from sources in Baghdad this evening, it had been mostly quiet in terms of bombing throughout the day in Baghdad . Then there was a large explosion not far from the hotel journalists are staying in in the center of Baghdad . Along the riverfront there, there are a number of Ba'ath Party houses and buildings that appear to be -- have some sort of military function. It's not clear exactly what the target was. What we 're hearing from Iraqi people in the capital today is that they know and they have seen coalition forces in the southwest of the city , in the southeast of the city . They say they have also seen coalition forces and believe coalition forces have a checkpoint on the northern outskirts of Baghdad as well. So as far as the Iraqi people are concerned, they are very aware that coalition forces are right on the perimeter of the city . Our sources are also telling us that Iraqi forces are massing artillery pieces and tanks at a number of locations on the southwestern edge of the city . These locations , actually, very close to the center of Baghdad and appear to be forming something sort of front line against the coalition forces . Now, Iraq 's minister of information today said that the coalition did not have control of the airport , that this was some sort of contrived video from the first day, and that, in fact, hundreds of coalition soldiers had been killed, and their graves were now at the airport . He did promise to take journalists to the airport , however, he never made -- he didn't make good on that promise throughout the day. The information minister also read a statement from President Saddam Hussein today, the Iraqi leader calling on people to be resolute, to be strong, and saying that if they put up a good fight, then the coalition would eventually back down.
 MOHAMMED SAEED AL-SAHAF , IRAQI INFORMATION MINISTER (through translator) 
But to harm the enemy more and more, go against the enemy and destroy the enemy and follow the plans that you got in writing. God is great. May the criminals lose.
Now, representatives of the committee -- the International Committee for the Red Cross , who have been to some of the hospitals in Baghdad , report higher-than-usual numbers of casualties coming into those hospitals .
 ROLAND NUGUENIN-BENJAMIN , INTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE OF THE RED CROSS (on phone) 
We had a chance in the morning to go to the main hospital , which is called Yarmuk (ph), and we found there has been a steady flow in of hundreds of casualties , all over the night and through into the day, casualties -- I mean, war wounded had to be sent over, dispatched to other hospitals , because this Yarmuk was just totally overwhelmed by the sheer number of people coming in.
Now, these Red Cross representatives say that most -- that two-thirds of the casualties they 've seen in this particular hospital are, in fact, military casualties . And Iraqi officials promise to take journalists to this particular hospital , the Yarmuk Hospital , that is now located, it 's on the southwest of Baghdad , and it appears to be pretty much between the position of where coalition forces have been seen and where Iraq now has a militarized front-line position . Now, when journalists were taken to see that hospital , twice they were turned around and told that they weren't actually allowed to go inside that hospital , Judy .
Nic , when you say Iraqis are seen now putting artillery pieces out and around the city , are you saying out in the open, where they can -- where they are vulnerable, or are they making any attempt to hide them ? Give us clearer picture of that.
One of the areas where I understand they 're locating tanks and artillery pieces is the Zawara (ph) Park . This is fairly central in Baghdad on the edge of a government area . It is a garden -- it is a large garden-type area for people to take their children to go and play. It 's -- there's a small zoo there as well. It is, if you will, on the -- facing towards the southwestern area of the city . It faces off against the highway that leads out to the airport . Now, that is not in a residential area . It is a clear, open area , apart from trees. The other areas that we understand where Iraqi officials are placing tanks and blocking off streets are in more residential areas , Judy .
All right. Nic Robertson , giving us a better understanding of exactly what the Iraqis are doing to prepare for any further moves by coalition forces . Nic , thank you very much. Well, as American forces do push ahead toward the Iraqi government 's key center of power, British forces are keeping up their work to the south of the Iraqi capital . ITN reporter Juliet Bremner is embedded with British forces in Iraq 's second-largest city , Basra , where the fight for control goes on.
" vanity fair 's" come lumist daniel fair is here. quiting in the june edition, he describes the journey. he said he found evidence that hussein 's day of reckoning well over due. christopher hitchens joins us from california . good to have you with us .
your journey, particularly to southern iraq , what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime . give us your insights as to what you think the future holds.
not much of a trip. i wasn't up the sharp end. i wasn't taking risks. i wasn't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside bagdad airport but i had long thought and i was in iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war, the push for war, the drive for war, all that propaganda, was essentially nonsensical because in 1990, saddam hussein made the only self criticism. he said, i could either invade kuwait or finish developing the nuclear weapon . maybe before the weapon and then later he said, oh, i should have got the nuclear weapon before i invaded. he was right about that. but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen-year's war where the united states could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we 're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in '91 when it could have been finished. should have taken the side of the rebels then. taken the risk of supporting a shiite insurrection at that point. helping the kurds , removing the regime .
we 'd be 11 years into nation building by now if we 'd done that. that seems to be the core of the argument.
as you point out, of course, for the fact of the matter is, the mistakes of saddam hussein made possible his removal from power ultimately. the mistakes of the united states , again, as you point out, norman schwarzkopf making a peace, permitting helicopters to fly.
still hurts me to read this. the little town i was in this southern iraq , as far as i got, i can't boast of further, is where the talks took place. we have the transcript of the meeting. they say, okay, we have lost this round. do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things? and he says, yeah, that's all right. they ask again, are you sure they mean that? they can't believe the luck. they use the gunships to kill, we think, not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq and trying to do that to the kurds , as well, so it was a knife edge. and it's not just been wise after the event, i believe, to say that there was an argument in realtime between the bush administration members . mr . cheney 's the only one i know that changed his mind. most of those that took the view at that time, think until recently they were correct in saving saddam hussein .
of course, mr . cheney was in the chain of command with swars cough and --
when they made the decision not to move toward bagdad with bad information. namely, the republican guard absolutely devastated.
yes. and, well, we know now the harvest of all that. it hurts to think of how many wonderful people in iraq at the academic community , lawyers , human rights activists , civilians , intellectuals , people -- would now be alive. who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights.
mistakes made then, mistakes part of human experience, but now we have an opportunity not to make mistakes. is it your sense that the united states is on the right track? that there is the prospect here a commitment here on the part of the united states to
in today's daily news, a 60-year-old woman acknowledges she was the 19-year-old white house intern who slept with jfk . she told the papers , " i am the mimi ." i want to take this opportunity to stand behind the mimi and proclaim my solidarity. i know where you 've been because i too have been there myself . that's right, i too slept with jfk . i am the anderson . i was born four years too late to have slept with jfk ? technically correct but why quibble over details? isn't it possible deep down, that you also slept with jfk ? who , me ? no, i couldn't have, you protest. believe whatever you have to. i am not willing to live that lie any longer. the truth about our camelot obsessed society is each of us in our own way has slept with the jfk . only once we admit this to ourselves individually and as a nation can the true healing begin. a thought to end on tonight. thanks for being with us tonight. stay with cnn . "larry king live" is next. 
i 'm alisha davis . used to be the king of pop. now you could call him the king of lawsuits. michael jackson filed suit against universal music , the parent company of motown records saying he owe him for music he recorded with the jackson five back in the 1970s. the gloved one claims the label has been releasing new albums and jackson five merchandise without giving him "a single dollar." jackson has been in and out of courtrooms lately. in recent months, he 's been sued by an auction house for non-payment, and by a concert promoter for allegedly backing out of two millennium performances.
From the Associated Press : The Supreme Court declined Monday to consider whether states may offer license plates with anti-abortion messages, leaving lower courts divided over whether the programs in a dozen states unconstitutionally restrict dissenting views.
Without comment, justices let stand a lower court ruling that said South Carolina 's license plates, which bear the slogan "Choose Life," violate the First Amendment because abortion rights supporters weren't given a similar forum to express their beliefs. Say what?? Now the First Amendment guarantees all sides a fair voice? Where were liberals when Ralf Nader wanted such equality? And who on Earth could possibly have a problem with someone who paid $70 that went to a local crisis pregnancy program for an anti-abortion license plate?
Oh that's right. The dastardly people at Planned Parenthood . Because no one should be allowed to express an opinion that challenges the beliefs of the American Left .
From the Associated Press : An atheist who tried to remove "under God " from the Pledge of Allegiance lost a bid Friday to bar the saying of a Christian prayer at President Bush 's inauguration.
Newdow argued that saying a Christian prayer at the Jan. 20 ceremony would violate the Constitution by forcing him to accept unwanted religious beliefs.
Attorneys representing Bush and his inaugural committee argued that prayers have been widely accepted at inaugurals for more than 200 years and that Bush 's decision to have a minister recite the invocation was a personal choice the court had no power to prevent. Forcing him to accept unwanted religious beliefs? No wonder you can't win an argument against a secularist . They believe any inclusion of religious beliefs in one 's own personal ceremony is somehow an operation to indoctrinate the hoi polloi .
That's CNN 's Karl Penhaul with the very latest from the battlefront. Let' s get an update now on casualties on Operation Iraqi Freedom. Military officials say 39 Americans have been killed in combat, 9 more by friendly fire or an accident. Britain reports 6 of its troops have been killed by combat, 19 more in nonhostile action and 2 deaths have not been classified. Iraq does not report on its military casualties, but Iraqi officials say 420 civilians have been killed and about 4,000 injured. U.S. Central Command says 4,500 Iraqis have been taken prisoner . Seven Americans remain prisoners of war in Iraq and 15 Americans are listed as missing in action. One less than yesterday after that dramatic rescue of Private First Class Jessica Lynch . Judy , in the next hour, on our special "WOLF BLITZER REPORTS," I 'm going to be speaking live to her older brother who is in the Army , her younger sister who wants to be in the Army , just around the same time as Jessica is going to be arriving at Ramstein , the air base in Germany for some serious medical treatment. That's all coming up on our special edition of "WOLF BLITZER REPORTS" at the top of the hour. Judy , back to you .
All right, Wolf , and we will be watching. Thanks very much. Well, at the Pentagon briefing this afternoon, officials describing several units of the Republican Guard as effectively no longer being a credible fighting force . Let' s get the very latest from the Pentagon for the overall war picture as they see it. Our Jamie McIntyre our senior military affairs correspondent is with us now. Hello, again, Jamie .
 JAMIE MCINTYRE , CNN SNR. MILITARY AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT 
Well Judy , the Pentagon is beginning to see positive signs that it hadn't seen for awhile. First of all, as we saw just a few moments ago on CNN , the pictures of some of the actual happy Iraqi citizens welcoming U.S . troops , that taking place in Najaf . Also the Pentagon is seeing lighter than expected resistance indicating at least that they may have really seriously degraded those Republican Guard divisions before the U.S . troops arrived, both in Karbala and also in Al Kut . They met lighter than expected resistance. But the Pentagon officials stress that as they close in on Baghdad , this becomes the real dangerous part as they enter that so- called red zone where Saddam Hussein is believed to have given his commanders authority to use chemical weapons , and that use of chemical weapons remains a real fear at the Pentagon .
 MAJOR GENERAL STANLEY MCCHRYSTAL , JOINT CHIEFS , VICE DIR . 
We are not expecting to drive into Baghdad suddenly and seize it in a coup de mains, or anything like that. So, in regard to that, we are paying great attention to their ability to defend on the ground . They may just suddenly be effective on the ground . Additionally, their ability to use chemical and biological weapons , they 've proven it historically. We believe they have the capability now. Clearly, as we threaten the core of the regime , which Baghdad and Tikrit represent, we believe that the likelihood of them using those weapons goes up.
In less than 24 hours, the U.S . 101st Airborne Division has driven Iraqi Fedayeen fighters from the key city of Najaf , pushed north in a several-pronged attack. The Army 's 3rd Infantry has punched through Karbala , meeting only light resistance from the Medina Republican Guard , and moving along highway nine within 25 miles of Baghdad . At the same time, the Marines from the 1st Division have secured a key Tigris River crossing near Al Kut and reported to have essentially destroyed the combat fighting ability of that light infantry Baghdad division that was supposed to be providing defense down there. At the U.S. Central Command briefing this morning at the forward headquarters in Doha , Qatar , General Vincent Brooks said that the U.S . would be continuing to approach Baghdad . He said, quote, "The dagger is clearly pointed at the heart of the regime now, and it will remain pointed at it," he said, "until the regime is gone." Judy .
Jamie , these descriptions of the weakening of the Republican Guard begin to bring back memories of the first Gulf War 12 years ago. Is there a chance that coalition forces could, at this point, be overestimating the strength of what's left of the opposition ?
Well, they might be. And that might be a good thing. They are taking it very cautiously. No one , again, they stress the most dangerous part of this could be ahead. Could be urban combat. Could involve chemical weapons . Could be the most loyal fighters left as they draw into Baghdad . Could be a very dangerous time. They also are careful to point out that even while they say that the division has been destroyed, they don't mean every single person has been killed. Simply that its combat effectiveness has been eliminated - Judy .
We notice they said they did not want to use the word destroyed, in fact, they said let others do that. Jamie McIntyre at the Pentagon .
welcome back. check in with jack cafferty as we look at the fountains outside of time answer life.
we were talking about the road map to middle east peace and ran a footage about the chicken and these dogs. there is the picture. the golden real estate treever on the left had a litter of pups and the chicken got in the pen, a real story, they're all hanging out. it looks as though the puppies in one of the shots is trying to get lunch from the chicken.
we got a lot of e-mails to us on the east coast who don't know about the farm . the answer is apparently, you can get. you cannot nurse a chicken. bill .
the question should be what is the chicken getting out of this. i don't want to go there. i.k. in new jersey a buyology teacher , i can tell you without hesitation, a chicken cannot be nursed. only mammals that have distinct biological feature. chickens are also the void of hen's teeth, much to the satisfaction of those little puppies.
no. our viewers are nice. not nasty. here is the explanation. this is the real deal. any farm kid knows that certain animals cannot see for a few days after they're born, including puppies. the puppies try to nurse the chicken hen. they do that by feel, not sight. a chicken hen is warm and comfortable, so they try their luck and eventually feel their way back to the mother dog where things work out better for them.
seven former p.o.w.s are getting one step closer to home . they 'll be arriving at ramstein air base in germany a few hours from now. once doctors there say they are good to go, the seven will head stateside . doctors in kuwait have already said the six men and one woman are in good shape, so they may not have to stay in germany very long. the former p.o.w.s were rescued sunday about 75 miles north of baghdad . they 've been sticking close together ever since. medical officers say they became a team while in captivity and want to stay together as a team until it's time to go to their separate homes .
With U.S . forces rolling closer and closer to Baghdad , the military seems to be zeroing in on the ground war. But, as it has from the beginning, air power remains an important part of the battle. Let' s check in with CNN 's Gary Tuchman at an air base near Iraq . Gary you 've seen it firsthand from the first moments.
Well, that's right, Judy . In two weeks after the air war began, there is no let-up and no effective response from the Iraqis . According to the Air Force , at any given time, there are more 200 coalition aircraft either over Iraq , flying to Iraq or flying from Iraq . We come to you from a base near the Iraqi border . Many pilots are flying these A-10 attack planes behind me . They also fly F-16s . There are also Marine FA-18s and Marine Heriers at this base . We can tell you that a lot of pilots of this base are not flying to another base in Iraq . It 's a base that was taken over by the coalition last week. And we spent part of the day at that base . And when you arrive there , you are greeted in a sense by Saddam Hussein .
This is Talil , Iraq . The Talil Air Base . But the are no more Iraqis here , the coalition took over this base last week. It 's now a major staging point . You know you are in Iraq when you drive down the road coming into the base and see the portrait of Saddam Hussein . What's happen is the military personnel who have arrived here have taken out their markers and are writing messages on Saddam Hussein 's portrait. You can see the main one here on the bottom and also here messages like, we won, April 1, 2003. Want to give you a look. There's a lot of security personnel here . You can look over there and you can see the military vehicles . These are Air Force Security Forces with their rifles patrolling the entrance. There is a lot of fighting in this area . We 're near the town of Nasiriya . But this base now is considered secure enough to make it a major staging point for the coalition .
A short time ago we talked to a pilot at this base who has been to that Iraqi base and he too says he has signed that mural right on Saddam Hussein 's sash. After he told us that, we asked him during his missions, and he 's flown about 30 in the last two weeks, we asked him does he still have any artillery being fired at him ?
Yesterday I was up just south of Baghdad by 30 miles and we were fighting SA-2s and SA-6s and AAA on the ground. So they 're still out there. But the air power and the air package that we take to the fight, we continue to be effective. And we attrit the Medina forces down to less than 50 percent. And when we put our power punch to them and then the Army and the Marines move forward it's a very effective, coordinated effort.
Lieutenant Colonel Webb (ph) is telling us he has a mission this very evening. We want to tell you the Air Force has just informed us that between this morning and tomorrow morning, it will fly 1,900 sorties into Iraq . A total over the last two weeks now of close to 24,000 sorties. Before we go, one more thing we want to tell you about, superstitions. Military people are very superstitious, like many of us are. Here at this particular base they get their MREs, their MREs are their Meals Ready to Eat. They come in a bag. And when you get an MRE you get your meal and you get a little treat with it. What a lot of people here at this base do, when their treat happens to be this one, this is the candy called Charms, many of the people refuse to eat their Charms. They consider it a good luck charm to keep their Charms in their clothes and not to eat them. So one little superstitious tale for you , Judy . Back to you .
Well, I 'm one of those who thinks that we need to pay attention to our superstitions. Gary , one another quick question for you . That air base that coalition forces have now taken control of near Nasiriya . Are you able to say, are they actually using it or getting much use out of it ?
What they are doing, Judy , some of these A-10s behind me go there to refuel, to stage operations further north. They also fly these HH-60 helicopters , they 're the search and rescue helicopters used in case they have to search and find somebody on the ground. They stage there and refuel. But right now, none of them are permanently based there , although the plan is for that to eventually happen.
All right, Gary Tuchman with some Charms. You saw him holding it. I will be talking with a ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Senator Joe Biden , just ahead, for his take on how the war is going. Could Tony Blair be in line for a gold medal? Tales of how some in Congress want to honor the British prime minister .
Seven convicted in Vietnamese crime boss' trial to appeal their sentences
Seven people convicted last week in Vietnam 's biggest-ever criminal trial, including two former senior government officials , have requested an appeal of the verdicts, a court official said Tuesday.
The seven include former state radio director Tran Mai Hanh and former vice national chief prosecutor Pham Sy Chien , both convicted of receiving bribes, the court official said on condition of anonymity.
The trial by a Ho Chi Minh City court was seen as a litmus test of the communist government 's resolve to fight widespread corruption.
The `` godfather '' of organized crime , Truong Van Cam  _  better known as Nam Cam  _  was convicted of seven crimes, including murder. He was sentenced to face a firing squad , and his lawyer has said he also plans to appeal.
Hanh , also a former member of the powerful Communist Party Central Committee , was convicted of receiving US$8,500 in bribes from Nam Cam 's family to secure the crime boss ' early release from labor camp in 1990s. Hanh was sentenced to 10 years in jail .
Chien was convicted of receiving a stereo set worth 27 million dong (US$1,750) from Nam Cam 's family and sentenced to six years in jail .
Five other people who were sentenced up to five years in jail for crimes such as gambling and receiving bribes have also filed appeals, the official said.
A total of 155 defendants stood trial during the three months of proceedings. All but five were convicted. One defendant was acquitted, while the court sent four other cases back to police for further investigation.
Under Vietnamese law, the convicted have 15 days to appeal their sentences.
Iraq Warns of Unconventional Counter Attack Tonight; Saddam Sends 
New explosions rock Baghdad after dark. Witnesses say they heard blasts around a presidential complex in the center of the city . Meantime, the U.S . reportedly has hundreds of troops poised to reinforce the Baghdad international airport , now under the control of American troops . A source tells CNN 's Nic Robertson , some Iraqi Republican Guard forces are gathering close to the airport . Columns of coalition forces keep pressing north and tightening the noose on Baghdad . CNN 's Central Command says some 2,500 Republican Guard forces surrendered, that is, between Kut and Baghdad . Now, the latest on the fight for control of Baghdad 's International Airport . While coalition forces say they have secured the facility , that's not the case in the surrounding area . ITN reporter James Mates was with the U.S . forces when they moved in to secure the airport .
It was a showpiece of his regime . Now Saddam International Airport is controlled by coalition troops and, tonight, it has a new name, Baghdad International . These pictures were taken on the runway just moments after the coalition attack. A passenger jet burned out on the tarmac . Wreckage burning in a hangar as U.S . troops rush in. At dawn this morning, U.S . tanks and infantry had rolled in to claim their biggest prize of the war so far. Building by building , they swept the terminal complex , then moved on to secure the runway . The fall of his airport is a humiliating blow for Saddam . It lies just 12 miles from Baghdad and will be a key forward base for U.S . troops as they prepare for a push on the capital . More than 300 Iraqi soldiers have been left dead. Some Republican Guard troops fought fiercely on the northern side of the airport complex .
Hopefully, this is a sign that we 're able to send to the residents of Baghdad that we 're here and they can rise up and deal with the regime appropriately.
Outside the airport , the fighting was fierce, but the battle unequal. Here , the remains of an Iraqi armored car , and by its side the body of an Iraqi soldier , all that remains of a column that pushed up the airport road last night in a final effort to defend the airport . U.S . troops are now knocking on the door of Baghdad . But the final push into the city could yet prove to be the toughest fighting of all. (on camera): The patchy, somewhat disorganized defense of the airport last night has left coalition commanders with several questions. Have they done so much damage now to Iraqi command and control centers that they can no longer put up a proper fight, or are the best troops simply withdrawing into the city , to fight there street by street ? The answer to that could well decide how quickly they make a final push into the city . James Mates , ITV News , with the U.S . marines , south of Baghdad .
well, security is tight as exxon mobil shareholders meet today in dallas . allan chernoff live from the new york stock exchange to tell us what's behind the precautions.
we 've got controversy at this meeting. exxon mobil shareholder set to vote on resolutions dealing with steps to promote global energy and the risks of global warming. management , not surprisingly, opposes the resolutions. environmentalists are pressuring the oil giant not to drop it 's greenhouse emissions limits. yesterday, protesters blocked the entrance to protest what they claim is the company 's inaction against global warming. exxon mobil maintains it does take the issue skreersly and it is being targeted unfairly zblen ron also engaging in a blame game. who is the latest target ?
very also story with enron . a source tell us enron is considering suing its own investment bankers for giving it bad financial advice. of course, the notorious energy trader is the subject of a slew of investigations for alleged financial trickery. enron may actually try to blame its bankers , including jpmorgan chase and citigroup , for dishing out advice that actually helped the company 's downfall. the latest move here is part of a new bush by enron 's new chief executive to settle pending litigation. jpmorgan , citigroup , and other advisers have already been sued by shareholders and they also face regulatory investigations. let' s turn our attention to wall street . we 've got some green arrows here. stocks are struggling to hold on to modest gains right now. we 've got solid corporate profit reports today. and of course a little momentum after yesterday's rally. and let' s have a look at the dow jones industrial average. it is up by a little more than five points. it's been zigging and zagging between green and red. right now, holding on to the green. and the nasdaq composite also in positive territory right now, still. the nasdaq at its highest level in nearly
he went to scapegoat at breath-taking speed. today, steve case officially out at aol time warner . the media giant remains in a rut. investigators looking for answers today at a shareholders meeting today in virginia . as we turn to greg clarkin , we 're talking about the home team here, cnn 's parent company , not easy for any of us to talk about.
reporter: hi, kyra . that is right. here in northern virginia , a few miles from aol headquarters . these are a chance for the individual investor to have a chance to vent to management of the company , have their case about where the company is going. today we heard from a lot of small investors who are still upset over the sinking stock price of aol time warner . this is a stock down more than 70% over the last three years. now, we spoke to a number of individual investors who voiced their con
